MUTUAL NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

This Mutual Nondisclosure Agreement is made between the parties identified on the signature block at the end of this Agreement. For good and valuable consideration as acknowledged herein, including but not limited to the Confidential Information being shared, the parties agree as follows:

I.	BACKGROUND

1.00 	The parties enter into this Agreement for the purpose of preventing the unauthorized disclosure of each other's Confidential Information. 

II.	DEFINITIONS

2.00 	"Confidential Information" means all in formation of value for the Disclosing Party that is generally not known to the public. Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, data, technology, inventions, trade secrets, process information, formulations, know-how, product information, business information, operational information, sales information, and/or financial information of the Disclosing Party. Disclosure of the Confidential Information can occur directly or indirectly, such as by physical inspection, verbally, and/or electronically. Confidential Information may include information disclosed to the Receiving Party by third parties affiliated with the Disclosing Party.

2.01	"Disclosing Party" means the party to this Agreement that originally possesses the Confidential Information.

2.02	"Receiving Party" means the party to this Agreement that receives or otherwise obtains the Confidential Information.

III.	REQUIREMENTS

3.00	Maintain Secrecy. Each party agrees to maintain the secrecy of the other party's Confidential Information by not disclosing the Confidential Information to third parties unless expressly authorized to do so in writing by the Disclosing Party.

3.01	Take Precautions. Each party shall at least take all commercially reasonable steps and precautions to protect the other party's Confidential Information as if the information was their own. Confidential Information shall be disseminated only on a "need to know" basis. Both parties shall exercise all commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any of its employees, agents, contractors, or subcontractors abide by this Agreement.

3.02	Execute Nondisclosure Agreements. Each party shall protect the other party's Confidential Information by requiring any of its employees, personnel, officers, affiliates, subsidiaries, consultants, and any third parties to sign an appropriate Nondisclosure Agreement (NDA). At a minimum, the NDA shall provide at least the same protection for the Confidential Information as is provided by this Agreement. 

3.03	Reverse Engineering Prohibition. Each party shall not reverse engineer, chemically analyze, disassemble, decompile, and/or otherwise deconstruct items that embody the other party's Confidential Information, unless expressly authorized to do so in writing by the Disclosing Party. By way of nonlimiting examples, such items embodying the Confidential Information include any chemicals, materials, equipment, prototypes, products, data files, and/or software.

3.04	Public Disclosures. The obligations contained in this Agreement shall terminate with respect to any particular portion of Confidential Information to the extent that such Confidential Information was: 
(1) publicly known prior to the time of disclosure by the Disclosing Party; 
(2) publicly known after the time of disclosure by the Disclosing Party through no fault of the Receiving Party; 
(3) already in the possession of the Receiving Party at the time of disclosure by the Disclosing Party; 
(4) obtained by the Receiving Party from a third party without a breach of the third party's obligations of confidentiality; and/or 
(5) independently developed by the Receiving Party without use of or reference to the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information.

3.05	Legal Proceedings. A party may disclose the other party's Confidential Information if required by a court of competent jurisdiction, a governmental regulatory body, or otherwise required by law so long as the Receiving Party gives the Disclosing Party prompt written notice of the requirement prior to the disclosure. The Receiving Party shall attempt to limit such disclosure and assist in obtaining an order protecting the Confidential Information from public disclosure (e.g., help with the issuance of a protective order and/or requiring in camera review). 

3.06	Return of Materials. All documents, materials, equipment, chemicals, electronic data, tangible objects, and/or copies thereof containing or representing Confidential Information remain the property of the Disclosing Party. Upon the Disclosing Party's request, the Receiving Party shall promptly deliver such items to the Disclosing Party.

IV.	MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

4.00	No License. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to grant any rights to either party under any patent, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual property right of the other party. This Agreement will not grant any party any rights in the Confidential Information of the other party, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.

4.01	Term. This Agreement shall be in force for perpetuity unless terminated earlier by any party giving a thirty (30) day notice in writing to the other party of its intention to terminate. Termination of this Agreement shall not, however, affect the rights and the obligations with respect to the Confidential Information.

4.02	Remedies. Each party acknowledges that any violation or threatened violation of this Agreement may cause irreparable injury to the other party, entitling the other party to seek injunctive relief in addition to all legal remedies.

4.03	Merger. This document contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement supersedes any prior agreement whether written or oral relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. No amendments or modifications of the Agreement may be made without the mutual written agreement of both parties.

4.04	Waiver. Any failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of that provision or of any other provision. 

4.05	Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is found invalid, illegal, or unenforceable by a competent court in any jurisdiction, such provision will be amended, for such jurisdiction only, to the extent necessary to conform to applicable laws and in a manner which preserves to the maximum extent possible the original objectives of this Agreement. 

4.06	Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which is deemed to be an original, but all of which constitute the same Agreement. Electronic copies of signatures to this Agreement shall be binding originals.

4.07	Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns.

4.08	Effective Date. This Agreement shall be effective as of the date the last party signs this Agreement.

4.09	Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be governed, without reference to conflict of law principles, by the laws of the State of Incorporated in DelawareGerm_Client_1.


Name and Address – ClientIncorporated in Incorporated in DelawareGerm_Client_1

Signature

Printed Name

Title

Date Name and Address – Interested PartyIncorporated in Incorporated_in_DelawareGerm_Intere_2

Signature

Printed Name

Title

Date



