


Today’s Date
	ATTYNAME
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Reference #
	New Country Design Patent Application
	Title:	CASE TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

Enclosed is a copy of the above-identified design patent application for review. This draft should be reviewed carefully to ensure that it accurately and completely discloses and claims the subject matter of the invention. The validity of a patent issuing on this application depends upon the disclosure of the best embodiment of the invention that is presently known.

Also enclosed are signature papers that must be signed (including the date) and returned to us in order to complete the filing of this case. Please be sure that these papers are read carefully and that any required changes are incorporated in the application before signing. The name must be signed exactly as typed unless corrections are required, in which case you should point out any errors to us. 
	
In executing this application, certain obligations are assumed and important representations are being made. A patent application must be filed in the United States within one year after the first public disclosure, use, or offering for sale of the invention. Signing this application constitutes a representation that this requirement is being met. Also, every inventor who files a patent application has a duty to disclose all prior patents, publications, and other information known to be material to the patentability of the claimed invention. The obligation to disclose prior art is a continuing duty throughout the prosecution of the patent application. It is also necessary to disclose in the patent application details of the invention that would enable a person of ordinary skill in the art to make and use the claimed invention without undue experimentation and to disclose the best version of the invention known to the inventor at the time the patent application is filed. Failure to meet any of the above requirements may have the effect of invalidating any patent that might be obtained on your invention.

Finally, we are enclosing the Assignment document from the inventors to Applicant/Current Owner which transfers the entire right, title, and interest in this case. This form must be signed in the presence of a notary and returned to us for recording with the Patent Office. We will report the recordation of the Assignment after it has been received from the USPTO. 

Please let us know if you have any interest in filing this application in foreign countries. For most countries, the foreign filing deadline will be six months from the US filing date. However, there are some countries that require that the foreign application be filed before any public disclosure of the invention, and the six-month grace period does not apply. In that event, we would need to file those foreign patent applications as soon as possible and certainly before any publication, use, sale, or offer for sale of this invention.

After the application has been filed in the US Patent and Trademark Office, you will then be entitled to use the expression "patent pending". You may thereafter continue to use the expression "patent pending" on any products covered by this patent application until either a patent issues or the application is abandoned.

We look forward to receiving the executed Declaration, Power of Attorney, and Assignment documents in the near future. Upon receipt of the properly signed and dated original copy of the application, we will file the application with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions.

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosures

cc:	Copy Name
 P8cUS

 
