


Today’s Date
	AttyName
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Reference #
	Country Design Patent Application No. Application No. filed Filing Date
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

CONFIRM FILING OF PA WITH SIGNATURE PAPERS AND ASSIGNMENT
We are pleased to report that the above-identified patent application was filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office on the date indicated above. A Declaration, Power of Attorney, Statement Under Rule 3.73(b), Information Disclosure Statement, and Assignment were filed with the application. A complete copy of the application as filed is enclosed for your records.
 
P10US

CONFIRM FILING OF PA W/O SIGNATURE PAPERS – FORWARD SIGNATURE PAPERS
We are pleased to report that the above-identified patent application was filed with the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) on the date indicated above. A copy of the application as filed is enclosed for your records.

Enclosed are signature papers that must be executed and returned to us in order to complete the filing of this case. Please be sure that these papers are read carefully before signing. The name(s) must be signed exactly as typed, unless corrections are required, in which case you should point out any error(s) to us. The date(s) must be entered using the full name of the month instead of a number designation. The USPTO is very strict in its requirement that names be signed as printed, and that months be referred to by name when dating the papers.

In executing this application, certain obligations are assumed and important representations are being made. A patent application must be filed in the United States within one year after the first public disclosure or use, or offering for sale of the invention. Signing the filing papers for this application constitutes a representation that this requirement is being met. Every inventor who files a patent application also has a duty to disclose all prior patents, publications and other information of which he or she is aware that is known to be material to the patentability of the claimed invention. The obligation to disclose prior art is a continuing duty throughout the prosecution of the patent application. It is also necessary to disclose in the patent application details of the invention that would enable a person of ordinary skill in the art to make and use the claimed invention without undue experimentation, and to disclose the best version of the invention known to the inventor at the time the patent application is filed. Failure to meet any of the above requirements may have the effect of invalidating any patent that might be obtained on the invention.

Finally, we are enclosing an Assignment document to transfer the entire right, title and interest in this case. This form must be signed in the presence of a notary and returned to us for recording with the Patent Office. We will return the Assignment after it has been received back from the Patent Office. 

Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions regarding this application or the additional documents contained herein. We look forward to receiving the executed Declaration, Power of Attorney, and the Assignment documents in the near future. 

P60US

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosures

cc:	Copy Name
  
