


Today’s Date
	ATTYNAME
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Reference #
	Country Design Patent Application No. Application No. filed Filing Date 
	Title:	CASE TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

We have received and are pleased to enclose the Official Filing Receipt showing the application number and filing date of the above-identified patent application. This receipt should be carefully preserved in your files as the original record of the filing of the application in the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). It is desirable that the application number and filing date of the patent application be kept confidential. 

We estimate that the first official action from the USPTO will be in ten to twelve months, based upon the current conditions in the USPTO.

Now that you have a patent application on file, it is time to consider patent marking. Patent marking is a complex issue, so it is advisable that you contact us so that we can discuss what should be marked in light of your filed application. Generally speaking, any products covered by this application and marketed in the United States may have the expression "Patent Pending" provided on the product itself or the product packaging. "Patent pending" is often used as a warning to potential copiers that a patent may be issued that would cover the product. In the event that you do begin patent marking, please keep in mind that it is advisable to remove the "Patent Pending" expression from any products covered by this application and any product literature making such an assertion as soon as practical after either the patent issues (at which point the product should be marked with the patent number) or the application is abandoned. 

For those foreign countries in which patent protection may be obtained for your invention, keep in mind that it is often very advantageous, and in some instances absolutely essential, that foreign applications be filed within six months after the date of filing in the United States. A significant amount of time is involved in preparing and filing foreign applications. Therefore, it is important that within four months from the date of filing in the US we have your instructions and authorization for any foreign filing which is to be done.

P73US

We have also received a Notice to File Missing Parts in the above-identified application. The deadline for submitting the declaration of the inventor(s) is Term Date 49005. We look forward to receiving the executed Declaration which was forwarded with our recent correspondence.

P70US

We will notify you upon receipt of any further communication from the USPTO regarding this case. If at any time you wish to check with us concerning the status of this application, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosure

cc:	Copy Name
  
