IN THE UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE

Application No.:	Application No.
Confirmation No.:	Confirmation No. 
First-Named Inventor:	Inventor
Filing Date:	Filing Date
Group Art Unit:	GAU
Examiner:	Examiner
Attorney Docket No.:	Elite Matter No.
Title:	CASE TITLE

RESPONSE TO FIRST RESTRICTION REQUIREMENT

INTRODUCTORY COMMENTS
	In response to the Office Action dated Restriction 1st Mail Date, please enter the following amendments and remarks in the above-mentioned patent application. 
	The Commissioner is authorized to charge any extensions of time as well as any additional fees or credit any overcharges to Deposit Account No. 23-3030 but not to include any payment of issue fees. 
	Amendments to the Claims are reflected in the listing of claims which begins on page 2 of this paper.
	Remarks/Arguments begin on page 3 of this paper.

AMENDMENTS TO THE CLAIMS
	This listing of claims will replace all prior versions, and listings, of claims in the application: 

Listing of Claims: 

		 

REMARKS
In view of the above amendments and the following remarks, reconsideration and further examination are respectfully requested.

Status of All of the Claims
	Below is the status of the claims in this application.
	1.	Claim(s) pending:      .
	2.	Claim(s) canceled:      .
	3.	Claim(s) added:      .
	4.	Claims withdrawn from consideration but not canceled:      .

Claim Support
	It is believed that the above-identified new and amended claims are supported by the application as originally filed. For example, support for these claims can be at least found at pages  of the specification and FIGS. .

Independent Claim 
In item  of the Office Action, independent claim  was "rejected under 35 U.S.C. ."

In item  of the Office Action, independent claim  was "rejected under 35 U.S.C. ."

In item  of the Office Action, independent claim  was "rejected under 35 U.S.C. ."

OPTION FOR ELECTION WITH TRAVERSE
Election
	In response to the restriction requirement, the applicant hereby elects, with traverse, the Group  invention (claims , drawn to ) for prosecution. 

Traversal
	In traversal, it is respectfully submitted that all of the claims could be examined together without imposing an undue burden. As stated in § 803 of the Manual of Patent Examining Procedure, “[i]f the search and examination of an entire application can be made without serious burden, the Examiner must examine it on the merits even though it includes claims to distinct or independent inventions.” Under this standard, it is believed the search of above-discussed invention groups jointly would not impose a serious burden.

Conclusion
For the reasons provided above as well as for other reasons, it is respectfully submitted that this application is now in condition for allowance and an early notice of allowance is requested. If the Examiner feels that any issues remain which must be resolved before the application can be allowed, the Examiner is invited to contact the undersigned representative by telephone.
	Respectfully submitted,


	By	 	
		WorkingAtty, Reg. No. AttyRegNo
		Wilson, Ellis, Merton, Mallock & Harold LLP
		111 Courthouse Circle, Suite 101
		Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103-5137
		Telephone (215) 634-3456 Fax (215) 637-7561
		Email: attorney email
