


Today’s Date
	AttyName
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Reference #
	Country Design Patent Application No. Application No. filed Filing Date
	Title:	CASE TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

We have received an Office Action from the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) concerning the above-identified case. A copy of this Office Action with the newly-cited prior art is enclosed for your consideration and comment. A copy of all pending claims is provided in Appendix A, attached.

The first deadline for responding to the Office Action is Term 10200 , although extensions of time are available until the absolute deadline of  upon the payment of substantially increasing extension fees. We naturally want to avoid such fees, and therefore request that you provide us with your instructions by Term 10200-30.

As commonly occurs during the prosecution of a patent application, the Examiner in charge of the case has initially rejected the claims. Specifically, the Examiner asserts that the claims are unpatentable over [list cited reference(s)]. The Examiner's reasons for rejecting the case are set forth in detail in the Action. 

We now have the opportunity to respond to this Action in order to persuade the Examiner that the claimed invention is patentable. Common approaches for responding to such an Action are: (1) noting weaknesses in the Examiner's analysis and arguing that the invention as presently claimed is distinguishable from the cited art; (2) amending the claims to better differentiate the invention from the cited art; and/or (3) noting commercial success, industry recognition, unexpected advantages and other aspects of the invention which demonstrate that it is a significant advance over the cited art. We therefore ask for your comments regarding the prior art and contentions relied upon by the Examiner, particularly with these considerations in mind. 

ADD THIS PARAGRAPH WHEN REPORTING OFFICE ACTION TO A FOREIGN ASSOCIATE
Please remember that US law establishes that individuals associated with the filing or prosecution of a patent application have a duty to disclose information material to patentability. In accordance with Rule 56(c), these individuals include: (1) each inventor; (2) each attorney or agent who prepares or prosecutes the application; and (3) every other person who is substantively involved in the preparation or prosecution of the application and who is associated with the inventor, with the assignee, or with any one to whom is there is an obligation to assign the application. This duty continues until the application issues or is abandoned.

We look forward to hearing from you in the near future. As always, please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions or wish to discuss this further before deciding how to proceed.

P24US

REPORT OFFICE ACTION - SHORT VERSION (E.G., FOR FOREIGN ASSOCIATES)
We have received and enclose a copy of an Office Action from the US Patent and Trademark Office concerning examination of the above-identified case. Please let us know if you would like us to comment on any of the issues raised in the action. 

The deadline for responding is Term Date 10200, and is extendable up to and including , with the payment of additional extension fees. 

We look forward to receiving your instructions.

P80US

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosure

cc:	Copy Name
 
Re:	Client Reference #
	Country Design Patent Application No. Application No.
	Filing Date:	Filing Date
	Title:	CASE TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

APPENDIX A – PENDING CLAIMS


