


Today’s Date
	AttyName
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Reference #
	Country Design Patent Registration No. Reg. No. issued Issue Date
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventor
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

We are pleased to enclose the original of United States Patent No. number which issued on date based on the subject patent application.

PATENT PROOFED/CERTIFICATION OF CORRECTION REQUESTED
We have checked the patent for significant errors which may have occurred during the printing. This review focused on confirming the accuracy of the drawings and the data on the cover page. We have also skimmed the remainder of the patent text for obvious problems. Based upon this review, we have prepared and submitted a Request for Certificate of Correction, a copy of which is enclosed.

PATENT PROOFED/NO CORRECTION NECESSARY
We have checked the patent for significant errors which may have occurred during the printing. This review focused on confirming the accuracy of the drawings and the data on the cover page. We have also skimmed the remainder of the patent text for obvious problems. Based upon this review, we have not identified any errors which we believe require the submission of a Request for Certificate of Correction. Please let us know if you notice any errors that we may have missed in the patent that you feel should be addressed.

PATENT NOT YET PROOFED 
We will be checking the patent for significant errors which may have occurred during the printing. This review will focus on confirming the accuracy of the drawings and the data on the cover page. We do not proofread the entire text, but we can do so at your request for a cost of about $10.00 per page. Errors can be addressed by requesting a “Certificate of Correction”, which provides a supplemental page printed by the Patent Office noting the errors. We will report if we find significant errors.

Once a patent has been granted, it is important that if the patent owner manufactures, uses, or sells the patented products, or authorizes others to do so, the products bear the patent number. 

Please acknowledge receipt of the enclosed patent by signing and returning a copy of the enclosed form to our office. If you have any questions, please let us know. 

INSERT AFTER CLOSING:
We acknowledge receipt of the original certificate of the above-identified design patent.



				
Date		Signature

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosures

cc:	Copy Name   P91US


