


Date
	AttyName
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	Engagement Letter
	Our Ref.: Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

This will confirm that Wilson, Ellis, Merton, Mallock & Harold LLP has been engaged to assist you (or company name when applicable) with certain legal matters. We are pleased to be able to offer you our services. 

As per our discussion and our standard procedures, this letter confirms the terms of our engagement. Therefore, I would appreciate your reviewing the terms described in this letter and the enclosures to be certain they conform to your understanding.

We will do our utmost to provide you with quality, effective service. I will be handling your (describe work-patent application, trademark, etc.). I may be assisted from time to time by one of our associate attorneys and other non-attorney professionals (tell client who will be working on matter).

The Firm’s Standard Terms and Conditions of Engagement document is enclosed. (see Guidelines for Firm Charges) My current hourly rate on this matter will be $ per hour. Our current associate attorney rates range from $ to $ depending on experience. Other non-attorney professionals rates range from $ to $ depending on the service provided.

Based on our estimate of the potential fees and costs associated with this matter, we require a retainer from you in the amount of $.

Please sign the Instruction Form provided and return a copy to me in the enclosed, stamped envelope. Our obligation for representation of you in this matter will not commence until we have received the signed copy of this form and the required retainer deposit.

If you have any questions regarding the terms of our engagement, please call me. We highly regard your business and are happy to discuss with you any aspect of our representation.

We look forward to serving you.

Sincerely,



Attorney

Enclosures

cc: Billing Dept.
INSTRUCTION FORM

	Please return this form to:	Attorney 
		Wilson, Ellis, Merton, Mallock & Harold LLP
		111 Courthouse Circle, Suite 101
		Philadelphia, IN 19103-5137

	Or fax to:	(215) 637-7561



Re:	Engagement Letter
	Our Ref.: Elite Matter No.


The above agreement and the attached standard terms and conditions are accepted and agreed to:



Client Name	
Company Name



	
Signature



	
Printed Name



	
Date

