WILSON, ELLIS, MERTON, Mallock & HAROLD LLP
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF ENGAGEMENT

Following are the standard terms and conditions of engagement applicable to Wilson, Ellis, Merton, Mallock & Harold LLP accepting legal representation of a client’s interests. Unless superseded by a separate written fee agreement executed by the client and the Firm, these standard terms and conditions of engagement shall apply to all matters undertaken by the Firm on behalf of the client.

1.	Conflicts: To protect both the client and the Firm and to comply with our professional obligations, our representation of the client is subject to clearance of any conflicts of interest with present or former clients of our Firm. To enable us to identify any potential conflicts, and to help us in the future to avoid accepting a new engagement which conflicts with our representation of you, please promptly provide us with the name of any person or entity whose interest in this matter is or may be adverse to the client, as well as the name of any person or entity who may have a relationship to client including, if applicable, the name of any affiliates or major shareholders of the client organization).

2.	Advice and Disclosure: We endeavor to serve our clients effectively and strive to represent their interests vigorously and efficiently. Any expressions on our part concerning the outcome of legal matters are expressions of our best professional judgment, but are not guarantees. Such opinions are necessarily limited by our knowledge of the facts and are based on the state of the law at the time they are expressed.

	For us to provide legal representation effectively, the client agrees to disclose fully and accurately all pertinent facts and keep us apprised of all developments in the matter. The client further agrees to cooperate fully with us and to be available to attend such meetings, conferences, hearings and other proceedings as we deem appropriate.

3.	Insurance: Please be advised that if you are ever sued, it may be possible that you have insurance to cover part or all of the cost of your defense. The inquiry with your insurance company is your responsibility. We do not assume any responsibility for determining whether or not you have insurance coverage.

4.	Fees: 	We take into account many factors in billing for services rendered. The principal factor is our schedule of hourly rates, and most fees for services are the product of the time worked (in units of tenths of an hour) multiplied by the hourly rates for the attorneys and other professionals who did the work. The client will be billed for all time spent on its behalf, including without limitation conferences, telephone calls, drafting, research and travel.

	For many of the tasks we are requested to perform it is impossible to determine in advance how much time will be needed, since that depends on many things beyond our control. Unless set forth in a written fixed fee agreement executed by the client and the Firm, any amounts we advise you for the cost of all or part of our engagement are merely estimates.

	Our hourly rates for attorneys and other members of the professional staff are based on years of experience, training and specialization in the practice of law, level of professional attainment and the Firm's overhead costs. We review our rate schedules at least twice each year and may revise them from time-to-time. If we change our rates, the new rates will go into effect immediately without special notice to the client. Upon request, we will provide the client with the rates of those professional staff working on an engagement.

5.	Retainers: The Firm will usually require a retainer fee in the case of a new client representation and for all matters where the fees and/or costs are estimated to be greater than $5,000. The amount of retainer will vary depending on the nature of the engagement and estimate of fees and/or costs. The retainer will be held on behalf of the client and will be applied toward invoices for legal services rendered and/or costs advanced on behalf of the client. If the entire retainer is applied to invoices prior to the completion of the engagement, the Firm may require an additional retainer from the client. All unused portions of the retainer will be promptly returned to the client at the conclusion of the engagement.

6.	Costs: Certain costs are passed on to Client. We pass on our actual cost for certain in-house and third-party services, including couriers, FedEx, UPS, outside photocopying, in-house photocopying over 200 pages, and electronic searching. We do not charge for expenses associated with long distance calls, faxes, or First Class postage. We will not advance major out-of-pocket expenses such as foreign counsel fees, court reporter fees, witness fees, patent search fees, and other services provided by third parties when the third party invoice exceeds $5,000, unless special arrangements are made in advance. These costs will be billed directly or forwarded to the client for payment.

7.	Billing: Our statements for work performed will be prepared and mailed during the month following the month in which services are rendered. Payment of any balance due is expected within 15 days of the billing date.

8.	Non-Payment of Fees and Costs: Failure to pay any invoice rendered when due will constitute a default. In the event of a default, you agree that in our discretion we may immediately cease all legal services on your behalf or discontinue our representation (subject to our ethical obligations and any other applicable provision of law).

9.	Termination: The client has the right to terminate our representation by written notice at any time. In that event, the client is not relieved of the obligation to pay for all services rendered and costs incurred on its behalf prior to the receipt of such notice. We have the same right to terminate our engagement, subject to an obligation to give the client reasonable notice to arrange alternative representation.

10.	Applicable Law: The laws of the State of Pennsylvania will govern the interpretation of this agreement, including all rules or codes of ethics which apply to the provision of services by us.

11.	Payment by Others: Sometimes another party to a transaction agrees to pay our client’s legal fees or a court may order our client’s adversary to pay all or part of its legal fees and costs. However, in such case our client remains primarily liable for payment of all fees and costs. Any amounts received from others will be credited to the client’s account.

We appreciate the opportunity to work for you. If you have any questions or comments concerning services or charges during the course of our representation, we encourage that these issues be brought to our attention immediately so that any problems can be resolved.

Wilson, Ellis, Merton, Mallock & HAROLD LLP
111 Courthouse Circle, Suite 101
Philadelphia, IN 19103-5137
(215) 634-3456
(215) 637-7561 fax
www.uspatent.com
