


Today's Date
	AttyName
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	Litigation Matter
	CASE TITLE 
	Our Ref.:  Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

This will confirm that Wilson, Ellis, Merton, Mallock & Harold LLP has been engaged to assist you with the above litigation matter. We are pleased to be able to offer you our services. As per our discussion and our standard procedures, this letter confirms the terms of our engagement. Therefore, I would appreciate your reviewing the terms described in this letter and the enclosures to be certain they conform to your understanding.

We will do our utmost to provide you with quality, effective service. I will be the primary contact for your patent litigation matter. 

The Firm’s Standard Terms and Conditions of Engagement document and Standard Disbursement Charges list are enclosed. My current hourly rate is $ per hour. I may be assisted from time to time by associates with a lower billing rate and/or by my trial partner, , whose billing rate is $ per hour. 

Based on our estimate of the initial fees and costs associated with this matter, we require a retainer from you in the amount of $15,000.

Please sign this letter and return it to me by e-mail. Our obligation for representation of you in this matter will not commence until we have received the required retainer deposit and a signed copy of this letter.

If you have any questions regarding the terms of our engagement, please call me. We highly regard your business and are happy to discuss with you any aspect of our representation.

We look forward to serving you.

Sincerely,


Working Attorney

Enclosures

INSTRUCTION FORM

	Please return this form to:	Working Attorney 
		Wilson, Ellis, Merton, Mallock & Harold LLP
		111 Courthouse Circle, Suit 3700
		Philadelphia, IN  19103-5137

	Or Email to:	AttyEmail

	Or Fax to:	(215) 637-7561


Re:	Litigation Matter
	CASE TITLE 
	Our Ref.:  Elite Matter No.

The above agreement and the enclosed standard terms and conditions are accepted and agreed to:


CLIENT NAME
Company Name


	
Signature


	
Printed Name


	
Date



WILSON, ELLIS, MERTON, Mallock & HAROLD LLP
111 Courthouse Circle, Suite 101
Philadelphia, IN 19103-5137

Hourly Litigation Agreement

ATTORNEY-CLIENT FEE AGREEMENT

1.	CONDITIONS. This Agreement will not take effect, and Attorney will have no obligation to provide legal services, until Client returns a signed copy of this Agreement and pays the initial deposit called for under Paragraph 5. 

2.	SCOPE OF SERVICES. Client hires Attorney to provide legal services in the following matter:  . Attorney will provide those legal services reasonably required to represent Client. Attorney will take reasonable steps to keep Client informed of progress and to respond to Client’s inquiries. If a court action is filed, Attorney will represent Client through trial and post-trial motions. This Agreement does not cover representation on appeal or in execution proceedings after judgment. Separate arrangements must be agreed to for those services. Services in any matter not described above will require a separate Agreement.

3.	INSURANCE. Please be advised that it may be possible that you may have insurance to cover part or all of the cost of your defense. This may include, for example in some intellectual property disputes, coverage known as "Advertising Injury". Attorney, however, will leave this inquiry of the insurance company to Client. Most insurance policies require you notify them of a claim or litigation promptly. 

4.	CLIENT’S DUTIES. Client agrees to be truthful with Attorney and all tribunals, to cooperative, to keep Attorney informed of any information or developments which may come to Client’s attention, to abide by this agreement, to pay Attorney’s bills on time and to keep Attorney advised of Client’s address, telephone number and whereabouts. Client will assist Attorney in providing necessary information and documents and will appear when necessary at legal proceedings.

5.	DEPOSIT. Client agrees to pay Attorney an initial deposit or retainer of $15,000. The hourly charges will be credited against the deposit. The initial deposit, as well as any future deposit, will be held in a trust account. Client authorizes Attorney to use that fund to pay the fees and other charges as they are incurred. Payments from the fund will be made upon remittance to client of a billing statement. Client acknowledges that the deposit is not an estimate of total fees and costs, but merely an advance for security.

	Whenever the deposit is exhausted, Attorney reserves the right to demand further deposits. Once a trial or arbitration date is set, Client shall pay all sums then owing and deposit the attorney’s fees estimated to be incurred in preparing for a completing the trial or arbitration, as well as the jury fees or arbitration fees, expert witness fees and other costs likely to be assessed. Those sums may exceed the maximum deposit.

	Client agrees to pay all deposits after the initial deposit within 15 days of Attorney’s demand. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, any unused deposit at the conclusion of Attorney’s services will be refunded.

6. 	LEGAL FEES AND BILLING PRACTICES. Client agrees to pay by the hour at Attorney’s prevailing rates for all time spent on Client’s matter by Attorney’s legal personnel. Current hourly rates for legal personnel are as follows: (see Guidelines for Firm Charges)

	Partners	$275 to $550/hour
	Associates	$215 to $300/hour
	Paralegal/Litigation Coordinator	$ to $/hour
	Librarian (research)	$115/hour
	
	The rates on this schedule are subject to change on 30 day written notice to client. If Client declines to pay any increased rates, Attorney will have the right to withdraw as Attorney for Client.

	The time charges will include, among other time, the time Attorney spends on telephone calls relating to Client’s matter, including calls with client, witnesses, opposing counsel or court personnel. The legal personnel assigned to Client’s matter may confer among themselves about the matter, as required and appropriate. When they do confer, each person will charge for the time expended, as long as the work done is reasonably necessary and not duplicative. Likewise, if more than one of the legal personnel attends a meeting, court hearing or other proceeding, each will charge for the time spent. Attorney will charge for waiting time in court and elsewhere and for travel time, both local and out of town.

	Time is charged in minimum units of one tenth (0.1) of an hour. 

7.	 COSTS AND OTHER CHARGES

	a.	In General Various costs and expenses will be incurred in performing legal services under this Agreement. Client agrees to pay for all costs, disbursements and expenses in addition to the hourly fees. The costs and expenses commonly include, service of process charges, filing fees, court and deposition reporters’ fees, jury fees, notary fees, deposition costs, messenger and other delivery fees, postage, photocopying and other reproduction costs, travel costs including parking, mileage, transportation, meals and hotel costs, investigation expenses, consultants’ fees, expert witness, professional, mediator, arbitrator and/or special master fees and other similar items. Attached is Attorney’s Standard Disbursement Charges list. Costs not listed on this attachment will be charged at our cost.

	b.	Out of Town Travel  Client agrees to pay transportation, meals, lodging, and all other costs of any necessary out-of-town travel by Attorney’s personnel. Client will also be charged the hourly rates for the time legal personnel spend travelling.

	c.	Experts, Consultants, and Investigators  To aid in the preparation or presentation of Client’s case, it may become necessary to hire expert witnesses, local counsel, consultants or investigators. Client agrees to pay such fees and charges. Attorney will select any expert witnesses, local counsel, consultants or investigators to be hired and Client will be informed of persons chosen and their charges. 

	d.	Costs and Expenses in Excess of $5,000  Client shall be solely and directly liable to third parties, and Client shall be invoiced directly from such third parties for any and all expense or cost in excess of $5,000. Attorney is never liable for such costs and expenses, and normally (other than a copy) the invoice for them will not be sent to Attorney. Such costs and expenses are most commonly from third parties such as experts, jury consultants, local counsel, large volume document management services, and hotels handling a group of rooms such as for trial.   

8.	BILLING STATEMENTS. Attorney will send Client periodic statements for fees and costs incurred. Each statement will be payable within 30 days of its mailing date. Client may request a statement at intervals of no less than 30 days. If Client so requests, Attorney will provide one within 10 days. The statements shall include the amount, rate, basis of calculation or other method of determination of the fees and costs, which costs will be clearly identified by item and amount.

9.	LIEN. Client hereby grants Attorney a lien on any and all claims or causes of action that are the subject of the representation under this Agreement. The lien will be for any sums owing to Attorney at the conclusion of services performed. The lien will attached to any recovery Client may obtain, whether by arbitration aware, judgment, settlement or otherwise.

10.	DISCHARGE AND WITHDRAWAL. Client may discharge Attorney at any time. Attorney may withdraw with Client’s consent or for good cause. Good cause includes Client’s breach of this agreement, refusal to cooperative or to follow Attorney’s advice on a material matter or any fact or circumstance that would render Attorney’s continuing representation unlawful or unethical. When Attorney’s services conclude, all unpaid charges will immediately become due and payable. After services conclude, Attorney will, upon Client’s request, deliver Client’s file, and property in Attorney’s possession, whether or not Client has paid for all services.

11.	DISCLAIMER OR GUARANTEE AND ESTIMATES. Nothing in this agreement and nothing in Attorney’s statements to Client will be construed as a promise or guarantee about the outcome of the matter. Attorney makes no such promises or guarantees. Attorney’s comments about the outcome of the matter are expressions of opinion only. Any estimate of fees given by Attorney shall not be a guarantee. Actual fees may vary from estimates given.

12.	ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the entire Agreement of the parties. No other agreement, statement, or promise made on or before the effective date of this Agreement will be binding on the parties.

13.	SEVERABILITY IN EVENT OF PARTRIAL INVALIDITY. If any provision of this Agreement is held in whole or in part to be unenforceable for any reason, the remainder of that provision and of the entire Agreement will be severable and remain in effect.

14.	MODIFICATION BY SUBSEQUENT AGREEMENT. This Agreement may be modified by subsequent Agreement of the parties only by an instrument in writing signed by both of them or an oral agreement only to the extent that the parties carry it out.

15.	EFFECTIVE DATE. This Agreement will govern all legal services performed by Attorney on behalf of Client commencing with the date Attorney first performed services. The date at the beginning of this Agreement is for reference only. Even if this agreement does not take effect, Client will be obligated to pay Attorney the reasonable value of any services Attorney may have performed for Client.

THE PARTIES HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THE FOREGOING TERMS AND AGREE TO THEM AS OF THE DATE ATTORNEY FIRST PROVIDED SRVICES. IF MORE THAN ONE CLIENT SIGNS BELOW, EACH AGREES TO BE LIABLE, JOINTLY AND SEVERALLY, FOR ALL OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. CLIENT SHALL RECEIVE A FULLY EXECUTED DUPLICATE OF THIS AGREEMENT.

 
Delete this box – do not send with engagement letter

Enclose a copy of
"Standard Disbursement Charges" page
(Patricia form G005)
Delete this box – do not send with engagement letter

Enclose a copy of
"Standard Disbursement Charges" page
(Patricia form G005)
