


Today’s Date
	AttyName
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Reference
	New Country Patent Application
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

LANGUAGE FOR TRANSMITTING A DRAFT PROVISIONAL APPLICATION
In reference to the above-identified provisional patent application, please find enclosed a draft patent application for review. This draft should be reviewed to ensure that it sufficiently discloses the subject matter of the invention.
	
OPTIONAL:
We are also enclosing the Assignment document which transfers the entire right, title, and interest in this case from the inventors to Applicant/Current Owner. This form must be signed in the presence of a notary and returned to us for recording with the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). We will report the recordation of the Assignment after it has been received from the USPTO. 

Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions regarding this application or the additional documents contained herein. 

P008US

LANGUAGE FOR TRANSMITTING A DRAFT UTILITY APPLICATION-REQUESTING INFORMATION
In reference to the above-identified matter, please find enclosed a draft patent application for review. Please review this draft carefully to ensure that it accurately and completely discloses and claims the subject matter of the invention. Note also that the validity of a patent issuing on this application depends upon the disclosure of the best embodiment of the invention that is presently known.

You will notice that we require additional information in various places in the application. Please feel free to write any additions, changes, and/or other comments directly on this copy and mail or fax them to us. Alternatively, we could discuss this further before finalizing the revisions. We await your comments.

You also have the responsibility of citing to the US Patent and Trademark Office any prior art that is material to the patentability of your invention. If you are aware of prior art to your invention (for example, but not limited to, patents, technical papers, competitors’ sales brochures, or website pages), please provide us a citation, internet link, or copy of a document concerning this prior art. After you provide us information about the prior art, we will see to it that it is cited in the utility application. Please send us this documentation and prior art electronically (CD-ROM or email). However, if electronic files are not available, please send us the hard copies by mail.

If you have any questions or comments, please do not hesitate to contact us.

P8aUS

LANGUAGE FOR TRANSMITTING A DRAFT APPLICATION TO CLIENT WITH SIGNATURE PAPERS
Enclosed is a copy of the above-identified patent application for review. This draft should be reviewed carefully to ensure that it accurately and completely discloses and claims the subject matter of the invention. Note also that the validity of a patent issuing on this application depends upon the disclosure of the best embodiment of the invention that is presently known.

Declaration and Assignment
Also enclosed are signature papers that must be signed (including the date) and returned to us in order to complete the filing of this case. Please be sure that these papers are read carefully and that any required changes are incorporated in the application before signing. The name must be signed exactly as typed unless corrections are required, in which case you should point out any errors to us. 

In executing this application, certain obligations are assumed and important representations are being made. A patent application must be filed in the United States within one year after the first public disclosure or use or offering for sale of the invention. Signing the filing papers for this application constitutes a representation that this requirement is being met. In addition, every inventor who files a patent application has a duty to disclose all prior patents, publications, and other information known to be material to the patentability of the claimed invention. This obligation to disclose prior art is a continuing duty throughout the prosecution of the patent application. It is also necessary to disclose in the patent application details of the invention that would enable a person of ordinary skill in the art to make and use the claimed invention without undue experimentation and to disclose the best version of the invention known to the inventor at the time the patent application is filed. Failure to meet any of the above requirements may have the effect of invalidating any patent that might be obtained on the invention.

We are enclosing the Assignment document which transfers the entire right, title, and interest in this case from the inventors to Applicant. This form must be signed in the presence of a notary and returned to us for recording with the USPTO. We will report the recordation of the Assignment after it has been received from the USPTO. 

Non-Publication Request
Also enclosed is a Nonpublication Request which may be executed by an Officer of Applicant. Under the newly revised patent statute, all applications will be published eighteen months from their earliest filing date; however, we are entitled to submit the Nonpublication Request to prevent this publication if there is currently no intention to file foreign counterparts to the application. The Nonpublication Request, if filed, must be submitted at the time of filing the application.

Even if Applicant has no intention of filing foreign counterparts, consideration should be given to not filing the Nonpublication Request. An advantage to having the application published by the USPTO is that it may entitle Applicant to collect monetary damages from an infringer of the claims as published running from the date of publication rather than from the date of issuance (as would normally be the case). Negative consequences of publication are that the details of the patent application become public prior to issuance of a patent and publication precludes the filing of corresponding foreign patent applications after the date of publication.

Therefore, if Applicant intends to file foreign counterparts, there is no need to return the Nonpublication Request to us. If Applicant does not currently have any intention to file foreign counterparts, then please only return the executed Nonpublication Request to us if you have decided that you wish for the application to remain a secret until a patent issues. We are permitted to file a Request to Rescind if you later decide to file foreign counterparts or if you would like to cause your application to be published.

Foreign Filing 
Please let us know if you have any interest in filing this application in foreign countries. For most countries, the foreign filing deadline will be a year from the US filing date. However, there are some countries that require that the foreign application be filed before any public disclosure of the invention, and the one-year grace period does not apply. In that event, we would need to file those foreign patent applications as soon as possible and certainly before any publication, use, sale, or offer for sale of this invention. 

Patent Marking 
After the application has been filed in the USPTO, you will then be entitled to use the expression "patent pending". You may thereafter continue to use the expression "patent pending" on any products covered by this patent application until either a patent issues or the application is abandoned.

We look forward to receiving the executed Declaration, Power of Attorney, and Assignment documents in the near future. Upon receipt of the properly signed and dated documents, we will file the application with the USPTO. Please note that we can file the application without these documents but will have to pay a surcharge for submitting the signed oath/declaration if it is not filed with the application.

Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions.

P8bUS

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosures

cc:	Copy Name
 

