IN THE UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE

Application No.:	Application No.
Confirmation No.:	Confirmation No.
First-Named Inventor:	First-named Inventor 
Filing Date:	Filing Date 
Group Art Unit:	GAU
Examiner:	Examiner 
Attorney Docket No.:	Elite Matter No.
Title:	CASE TITLE

REQUEST FOR REPUBLICATION OF PATENT APPLICATION PUBLICATION (37 CFR 1.221(b))

Pursuant to 37 CFR 1.221(b), the applicant respectfully requests republication of the above-identified patent application publication in order to correct errors in the published application. 

Background
The above-identified application was filed on Filing_Date . On Publication Date, the application was published as Publication Number. During a review of the publication, it was noted that .

Applicant Satisfied 37 CFR 1.221(b) Requirements
The applicant believes that all of the requirements of 37 CFR 1.221(b) have been satisfied for correcting or revising a patent application publication. 
1.	This request is being made within two months of the Publication Date, thereby satisfying the two-month time limit as specified in 37 CFR 1.221(b).
2.	The mistake of publishing the verified translation instead of the application as field was made by the Patent Office. 
3.	The mistake made by the Patent Office is apparent from the Patent Office’s record.
4.	
	The mistake was a material mistake that affects the public’s ability to determine the scope of the provisional rights that the applicant may seek to enforce upon issuance of the patent. 
	The mistake was a material mistake that affects the public’s ability to appreciate the technical disclosure of the patent application publication. 

Request for Republication
Given that the requirements of 37 CFR 1.221(b) have been satisfied, the applicant kindly requests that the application be republished with the correct specification, claims, abstract and drawings from the originally filed application.

Authorization to Charge the Deposit Account
It is believed that this correction is due to a material mistake made by the Patent Office, and therefore no fees are believed to be due; however, if any fees are deemed necessary, the Commissioner is authorized to charge such fees to Deposit Account 23-3030, but not to include the payment of issue fees. 

Conclusion
If the Examiner has any questions or comments regarding this request, the Examiner is invited to contact the undersigned representative by telephone to resolve any issues.

	Respectfully submitted,

	By	 	
		Working Attorney, Reg. No. Attorney No.
		Wilson, Ellis, Merton, Mallock & Harold LLP
		111 Courthouse Circle, Suite 101
		Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103-5137
		Telephone (215) 634-3456 Fax (215) 637-7561
		Email: Attorney Email
