


Date
	AttyName
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Reference
	Country	Patent Application No. Application No.
	Filing Date:	Filing Date
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.
	
Dear Contact Greeting:

We have received and are pleased to attach the Official Filing Receipt showing the application number and filing date of the above-identified patent application. This receipt should be carefully preserved in your files as the original record of the filing of the application in the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). 

It is desirable that the application number and filing date of the patent application be kept confidential. However, this application is scheduled for publication on , at which point this information will be publicly available. Based upon the current conditions in the USPTO, we estimate that the first official action will be received no sooner than one year from now.

OPTIONAL PARAGRAPH-INFORMATIONAL NOTICE
Informational Notice to Applicant (Declaration)
We have also received an Informational Notice to Applicant. The deadline for submitting the declaration of the inventor(s) is no later than the expiration of the time period set forth in any "Notice of Allowability"; however, we would prefer to submit the executed declaration form(s) as soon as possible. Therefore, we look forward to receiving the executed declaration(s) which were forwarded with our recent correspondence. 

Patent Marking 
Now that you have a patent application on file, it is time to consider patent marking. Patent marking is a complex issue, so it is advisable that you contact us so that we can discuss what should be marked in light of your filed application. Generally speaking, any products covered by this application and marketed in the United States may have the expression "Patent Pending" provided on the product itself or the product packaging. "Patent pending" is often used as a warning to potential copiers that a patent may be issued that would cover the product. In the event that you do begin patent marking, please keep in mind that it is advisable to remove the "Patent Pending" expression from any products covered by this application and any product literature making such an assertion as soon as practical after either the patent issues (at which point the product should be marked with the patent number) or the application is abandoned. 

OPTIONAL PARAGRAPH-INCLUDE IF NO FOREIGN FILING LICENSE IS GRANTED
Foreign Filing License 
Important: You have not been granted a foreign filing license. Therefore, you are at risk of violating export control laws if you send information about this invention outside of US borders or discuss it with anyone that is not a US citizen. It is possible that a foreign filing license will be granted in the next several months, even if you take no action. However, it is also possible to file a request for a foreign filing license. Please call us at your convenience so that we can discuss this more fully.

OPTIONAL PARAGRAPH-FOREIGN FILING.  INCLUDE FOR NEW FILINGS AND CONTINUATIONS IN PART.  DO NOT USE FOR DIVISIONALS, STRAIGHT CONTINUATIONS, OR REGULAR APPLICATIONS BASED ON A PROVISIONAL UNLESS NEW SUBJECT MATTER ADDED
Foreign Filing 
For those foreign countries in which patent protection may be obtained for your invention, keep in mind that it is often very advantageous, and in some instances absolutely essential, that foreign applications be filed within one year after the date of filing in the United States. A significant amount of time is involved in preparing and filing foreign applications. Therefore, it is important that within nine months from the date of filing in the US we have your instructions and authorization for any foreign filing which is to be done.

OPTIONAL PARAGRAPH – R&D TAX CREDIT
R&D Tax Credit
At this time we would also like to bring to your attention the possibility of obtaining a tax credit for expenses associated with obtaining a patent. Federal and state research and development (R&D) tax credits are offered for developing certain technologies and production processes. These tax credits can represent a significant tax savings; in some cases, upwards of 7-10% of R&D expenditures, as defined by the government. More significantly from our perspective, these tax breaks will likely enable you to offset a portion of the fees incurred in preparing the initial United States patent application and the initial foreign patent application.

In order to obtain such tax credits, it is very important to maintain good invention documentation, such as inventor notebooks. Not only will good invention documentation help you in seeking patent protection, this documentation is the type of information that is required for the R&D tax credits. 

Please note that this is not tax advice and that we are not tax attorneys; we simply wanted to bring this often over-looked tax incentive to your attention as a courtesy. If you have questions regarding the R&D tax credit, we can introduce you to a specialist who can assist you.

We will notify you upon receipt of any further communication from the USPTO regarding this case. If at any time you wish to check with us concerning the status of this application, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Attachment

cc:	Copy Name
  P020US

