


Today’s Date
	AttyName
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Reference #
	Country Patent Application No. Application No.
	Filing Date:	Filing Date
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

We have now received a Final Office Action from the United States Patent and Trademark Office concerning the above-identified case.  A copy of this Office Action is enclosed for your consideration and comment.  The current deadline for responding to the Office Action is ; however, it may be advantageous to respond by the two-month date of Term 48000.

The Examiner in charge of the case has again rejected the claims.  We again have the opportunity to respond to this Action in order to persuade the Examiner that the claimed invention is patentable.  Common approaches for responding to such an Action are:  (1) noting weaknesses in the Examiner's analysis and arguing that the invention as presently claimed is adequately defined and distinguishable from the cited art;  (2) amending the claims to better define and differentiate the invention from the cited art;  and/or (3) noting commercial success, industry recognition, unexpected advantages and other aspects of the invention which demonstrate that it is a significant advance over the cited art.  We therefore ask for your comments regarding the references and contentions relied upon by the Examiner, particularly with these considerations in mind.  

This Office Action has been made "final", which has a significant effect on the form of our response.  It is necessary to place the application in full form for allowance in response to a final action, or the case will be considered abandoned.  Therefore, in addition to a traditional written response, we should consider whether to personally interview the Examiner to discuss the case.  We may also want to appeal the Examiner's decision to a Patent Office Appeal Board.  Finally, it may be appropriate to refile the case as a "continuation" application, in order to have further opportunities to pursue protection for the claimed invention.

The deadline for responding to the Office Action is .  This deadline can be extended by up to three months, but only upon the payment of substantially increasing monthly extension fees.  We naturally want to avoid such fees, and therefore request that you provide us with your instructions prior to the aforementioned deadlines.

We look forward to hearing from you in the near future.  As always, please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions or wish to discuss this further before deciding how to proceed on all comments or questions.

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosure

cc:	Copy Name
  P27US

