DELETE THIS TEXT BOX BEFORE SENDING
	If sending to Roland:	use green-highlighted text			
	If sending to foreign associate:	use yellow-highlighted text	
DELETE THIS TEXT BOX BEFORE SENDING
	If sending to Roland:	use green-highlighted text			
	If sending to foreign associate:	use yellow-highlighted text	



Today’s Date

Via First to File
Via email only Contact Email

NameAddress
Re:	Foreign Reference
	Roland Ref.:	Client Reference
	Country Patent Application No. Application No. filed Filing Date
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.
	
Dear Contact Greeting:

We have now received a final Office Action for the above-identified application, a copy of which has been uploaded to First to File.
We have now received a final Office Action for the above-identified application, a copy of which is attached. 

The current deadline for responding to the Office Action is , and as you are aware, it may be advantageous to respond by the two-month date of Term 48000.

Some Claims Allowed and/or Allowable
We are pleased to report the Examiner has allowed claims . Further, the Examiner indicates that claims  contain allowable subject matter. Out of the allowed claims, independent claim  is of particular interest because it generally covers…. Claims  have been rejected, however. The Examiner’s specific reasons for rejecting the claims are provided in detail in the attached Office Action. 

As you know, since the Office Action has now been made final, our options are somewhat limited. Considering that claims have been allowed and/or indicated as containing allowable subject matter, it is my suggestion that we simply cancel the rejected claims and place the application in condition for allowance. We could then pursue additional coverage in a continuation application. [It should be noted that the application was previously subject to a restriction requirement, so that a divisional application is also a possibility for previously canceled claims .]

Again, the three-month deadline for responding to the final Office Action is  [3 Mo. Date]. If we do not hear from you otherwise, we will prepare and forward for your review a draft response in which place the application in condition for allowance about a couple weeks prior to the deadline.

All of the Claims Rejected
In the final Office Action, the Examiner has rejected all of the pending claims generally based on the same grounds as presented in the previous Office Action. The Examiner’s specific reasons for rejecting the claims are provided in detail in the attached Office Action. As can be seen, the Examiner has glossed over a number of features and/or structural relationships recited in the claims. 

Since the Office Action has now been made final, our options are somewhat limited. The following are our most practical options: 

1. Conduct an Interview with the Examiner- In view of the Examiner’s remarks, it is likely that the Examiner has taken two possible positions with respect to the inventions claimed (and/or disclosed) in the present application. 

The first possibility is that the Examiner believes the application discloses one or more patentable inventions, but the claim language is not to the Examiner’s liking. In other words, the Examiner does not believe the claim language as currently presented is specific enough to distinguish the claims from the cited references. If this is the case, a telephonic interview with the Examiner would be helpful in order to find out what claim language or features the Examiner considers to be patentable.

The second possibility is that the Examiner considers none of the features disclosed in the application to be patentable. Even in this case, a telephonic interview with the Examiner would be helpful because we would know the Examiner’s position, which would be useful in determining the next course of action. Given that the named Examiner has not signed the Office Action, it is likely the Examiner is not a primary examiner. By not being a primary examiner, we can request that the Examiner’s supervisor or another primary examiner be present at the interview. On occasion, it has been found that in such a situation the supervisor’s presence makes the Examiner more receptive to arguments and/or proposed claim amendments. However, the supervisor’s presence might not always change the situation because sometimes the Examiner’s intransigence comes from the supervisor’s views about the case. Either way, the interview can be helpful because we will understand the situation better. 

2. Filing an Amendment After Final by the two-month deadline - In the Amendment, we could present the claims that have a greater chance of being allowed either by the Examiner or during appeal. Although the Examiner might refuse entry of the Amendment, it is possible that the Examiner will either allow the application based on the amended claim or enter the Amendment for appeal purposes. By submitting an amendment canceling claims for appeal purposes, we can signal to the Examiner that we are willing to appeal, which might marginally persuade the Examiner to allow the application with the more limited claim scope. Moreover, filing an amendment after the final rejection is particularly helpful for appeal because it may prevent the Examiner from raising new grounds of rejection during the appeals process. We typically recommend that we file the Amendment by the two-month deadline because any subsequent extensions of time needed to file follow-on documents will be normally calculated based on the date when the Examiner mails the notice of whether or not the Amendment was entered, which is normally after the three-month deadline.

3. File a Request for Continued Examination (RCE)- Filing a Request for Continued Examination, generally referred to as “RCE” for short, is another option which allows prosecution of the application to be re-opened. Typically, an RCE is filed to ensure that the Examiner enters into the file and considers your claim amendments after a Final Rejection. The RCE is typically filed after the Examiner has refused to enter an Amendment to ensure that the Examiner cannot issue a final Office Action after the RCE, especially because if the Amendment was filed within the two-month deadline, any extensions of time will be calculated based on the mailing date of the Examiner’s Notice. If you do not file the Amendment until after the three-month deadline and believe your amendments will likely make the application allowable, it might be better to file the Amendment with the RCE so as to avoid the expense of extensions of time fees.

4. Filing a Request for Pre-Appeal Brief Review- This option might save the expense of preparing a full blown Appeal Brief and has proven successful on a number of occasions. Although we could file this Request without submitting an Amendment After Final, it would be my suggestion that we submit this Request after the Examiner enters or refuses to enter the Amendment After Final. As noted before, the Amendment After Final will help to prevent the Examiner from introducing any new grounds of rejection during appeal. Depending on the outcome of the Request, we could then consider whether a full appeal is warranted.

5. File an Appeal Brief- Before filing an Appeal Brief, I typically recommend filing an Amendment After Final because it may prevent the Examiner from introducing new grounds of rejection during appeal. Therefore, you should carefully consider whether this application is worth the expense and time of an appeal. Most appeals are lengthy and the outcomes are far from certain.

6. File a Divisional Application- We could pursue the unelected Group/Species in one or more divisional applications. We could file the divisional application now or wait until the outcome of the above options. It would be my suggestion that we wait to file the divisional application until the other options are exhausted. Typically, prosecuting divisional applications is helpful when the unelected claims in an application have a better chance of being allowed in view of the art currently cited during prosecution.

Again, these options are not mutually exclusive such that we can select a combination of options to pursue. I would recommend that we pursue the options in the order listed above. In other words, it would be my suggestion that we first conduct a telephonic interview with the Examiner well before the deadline. During the Interview, we can present our arguments as well as possible claim amendments in order to better gauge the Examiner’s position. Afterwards, we can then decide on the best manner in which to proceed. For example, if the Examiner indicates that certain arguments and/or claim amendments would make the application allowable, we could file an amendment along with an RCE in order to ensure that the amendment was entered. On the other hand, if the Examiner stands by the rejection, we can file an Amendment After Final so as to position ourselves better for a possible appeal. At that time, we then can consider whether to use the relatively new Pre-Appeal Brief Review Program or immediately file an Appeal Brief. 

For future reference, it should be noted that the application has been subject to a restriction requirement, so that a divisional application is always a possibility. 

To summarize, it would be my recommendation that we first conduct a telephonic Interview with the Examiner, and based on the results of the Interview, we will then be able to decide the best manner in which to proceed. As mentioned before, there are a number of benefits to filing a response to the Final Office Action by the two-month deadline. Therefore, if possible, we would appreciate receiving your instructions well before the two-month deadline. 

Again, the three-month deadline for responding to the final Office Action is  [3 Mo. Date]. We look forward to receiving your instructions well before this deadline.

Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions or comments.

Best regards,



atty

Attachment

cc:	copyname
  P27US


