DELETE THIS TEXT BOX BEFORE SENDING
	If sending to Roland:	use green-highlighted text			
	If sending to foreign associate:	use yellow-highlighted text	
DELETE THIS TEXT BOX BEFORE SENDING
	If sending to Roland:	use green-highlighted text			
	If sending to foreign associate:	use yellow-highlighted text	


Today’s Date

Via First to File
Via email only Contact Email

NameAddress
Re:	Foreign Reference 
	Roland Ref.:	Client Reference
	Country Patent Application No. Application No. filed Filing Date
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

We are pleased to report we have received an official Notice of Allowance from the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) for the above-identified patent application, a copy of which has been uploaded to First to File along a copy of the Comments on Reasons for Allowance as filed.
We are pleased to report we have received an official Notice of Allowance from the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) for the above-identified patent application, a copy of which is attached along a copy of the Comments on Reasons for Allowance as filed.

It is now only necessary to pay the required patent issue fee by Term11200 Term11270 Term11370 in order to have your patent issue. Please let us know if we should not pay the issue fee. Our normal practice has been to pay the issue fee about two weeks ahead of the due date, and we will do so in this case, unless instructed otherwise. We have included an Instruction Form with this letter for your convenience.

Inventorship
It is also now time to consider whether the inventorship has changed for this application due to the amendments made during prosecution. I will assume that the inventorship should remain the same, but it if has changed, please let me know. In addition, please let us know if there has been inventor address change from what is shown on the original declaration, and we will notify the USPTO accordingly.

Continuing Applications
With respect to filing a continuing application, unless instructed otherwise, we will not file any type of continuing application. However, based on the prosecution history and technology involved in this case, it might be worthwhile to review the case before deciding.

OPTIONAL CONTINUATION LANGUAGE 
In this case, original claims  were not allowed that would have given additional coverage for the invention. We recommend filing a continuation case to continue efforts to obtain allowance of the subject matter of original claims .

OPTIONAL DIVISIONAL LANGUAGE
In making your decision on whether to file a continuing application, please consider that the present application was subject to a restriction requirement. In particular, we were required to elect one of the following inventions:

	Group I:	claims , drawn to 
	Group II:	claims , drawn to 
	
In addition, we were required to elect one of the following species:

	Species A:	embodiment drawn to Figures 
	Species B:	embodiment drawn to Figures 

In response, we elected the Group  claims along with Species  (FIGS. ). Therefore, we have an opportunity to file a divisional application directed to the  claims (Group ). Further, considering a genus claim was apparently not allowed, separate divisional applications directed to the claims for the unelected species () are also a possibility.

As always, please do not hesitate to contact our office if you have any questions or comments.

Best regards,



Working Attorney

Attachments

cc:	Copy Name

P30US


INSTRUCTION FORM

Please return this form to: Working Attorney
Wilson, Ellis, Merton, Mallock & Harold LLP
111 Courthouse Circle, Suite 101
Philadelphia, IN 19103-5137

Or fax to: (215) 637-7561


Re:	Foreign Reference 
	Roland Ref.:	Client Reference
	Country Patent Application No. Application No. filed Filing Date
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.


	Please pay the issue fee and file a continuing application.

	Please pay the issue fee and do not file a continuing application.

	Please do not pay the issue fee and do not file any type of continuing applications.

	Please call me to discuss.



______________________________		
Date						Signature


