


Today's Date
	AttyName
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Reference
	Country Patent Application No. Application No.
	Filing Date:	Filing Date
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter.

Dear Contact Greeting:

We are pleased to report that we have received the Notice of Allowance from the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) on the above-identified patent application, a copy of which is enclosed. This application is going to issue as a US patent after the issue fee is paid, although there may be a few formal matters to deal with. Once payment is authorized, our normal practice is to pay the issue fee about two weeks ahead of the due date unless notified that an earlier payment should be made. Utility patent terms are now measured from the filing date of the earliest filed application, and thus you may wish to have the issue fee paid sooner.

For your convenience, enclosed is an Issue Fee Instruction Sheet. Please fill out and return a copy of the Instruction Sheet to us by .

SMALL-ENTITY LANGUAGE –OPTIONAL ONLY IF MATTER IS FOR A KNOWN LARGE-ENTITY CLIENT: 
Our records indicate that this application was initially filed based on a  entity status under the three-tiered fee structure of the USPTO. An application qualifies for the lower fee for small entity status if it has not been assigned or licensed to a large entity and there is no obligation to do so. Generally, a large entity is one having more than 500 employees (including all affiliates), excluding certain not-for-profit organizations and educational institutions. When returning the enclosed Instruction Sheet, please check the proper box to let us know whether the status for this application has changed. This will ensure that the proper amount of issue fee is paid.

It is now also time to consider if any additional patent coverage should be pursued. Any continuation, divisional, or continuation-in-part (CIP) application must be filed before the US patent has issued on the original application in order to claim priority from the earlier-filed application. For example, as an invention is being developed, it can occur that the features or operations of the invention become better understood or change in importance. This could indicate that the original claim strategy needs to be reconsidered. For your convenience, we have provided a listing of all allowed claims in Appendix A, enclosed. We ask that you review the allowed claims and assess if a change in claim scope is appropriate. 

OPTIONAL FORMAL DRAWING LANGUAGE: 
Formal drawings [or drawing corrections] are required at this time. We will instruct our draftsperson to prepare the formal drawings [make the corrections], and we will submit them to the USPTO prior to payment of the issue fee.


OPTIONAL FOR INDIVIDUAL INVENTORS, NON-PROFITS, AND SMALL ENTITY (500 OR LESS) DOMICILED IN PENNSYLVANIA:
R&D Tax Credit
With the coming issuance of this US Patent, we would like to bring to your attention the possibility of obtaining valuable tax credits. Federal and state research and development (R&D) tax credits are offered for developing certain technologies and production processes. These tax credits can represent a significant tax savings; in some cases, upwards of 7-10% of R&D expenditures, as defined by the government. Additionally, these tax breaks will likely enable you to offset a portion of the fees incurred in preparing the initial patent application. Please note that this is not tax advice and that we are not tax attorneys; we simply wanted to bring this often over-looked tax incentive to your attention as a courtesy. If you have questions regarding this tax credit, we can introduce you to a specialist who can assist you.

OPTIONAL FOR INDIVIDUAL INVENTORS, NON-PROFITS, AND SMALL ENTITY (500 or less) DOMICILED IN PENNSYLVANIA:
Pennsylvania Patent Tax Exemption
With the coming issuance of this US patent, we would like to bring to your attention the possibility of obtaining a valuable tax exemption in Pennsylvania. The Pennsylvania Patent Tax Exemption allows the holder of a qualified US patent to deduct from their taxable income any income derived from the commercialization of the patent. This may include sales of the patented product or service, licensing revenue, or the sale of the patent itself. We provide notice of this exemption as general information only, and it does not represent personal tax advice either express or implied. You are encouraged to seek professional tax advice for income tax questions and assistance.
If desired, we can order a wood-mounted plaque made with the front page of the patent for a cost of about $100.00. 

Please provide us with your instructions by checking the appropriate boxes on the enclosure and returning a copy to us. As always, please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions. 

Sincerely,



atty

Enclosures:	Issue Fee Instruction Sheet
		Appendix A, Claims As Allowed

cc:	copyname
 
  P30US

ISSUE FEE INSTRUCTION SHEET PLEASE RETURN A COPY OF THIS SHEET BY  [1 mo. prior to Issue Fee due date]. TO:  Please return this form to: atty Wilson, Ellis, Merton, Mallock & Harold LLP 111 Courthouse Circle, Suite 101 Philadelphia, IN 19103-5137  Or fax to: (215) 637-7561

 
  Re:	Client Reference
	Country Patent Application No. Application No.
	Filing Date:	Filing Date
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter.

Issue Fee 	Please pay the issue fee for this application. 	Please do not pay the issue fee for this application. We have decided to abandon this patent application.  Entity Status 	Small entity status is appropriate. We have not assigned, granted, conveyed, or licensed, nor are we under any obligation under contract or law to assign, grant, convey, or license, any rights in the invention to any person, concern, or organization which would not qualify as a person, small business concern, or a non-profit organization. 	Large entity status is appropriate.  New Application (CON, DIV, CIP) OPTIONAL TO COINCIDE WITH DIVISIONAL PARAGRAPH IN LETTER 	Please contact me regarding preparation of a divisional patent application to pursue additional patent protection for the disclosed invention. 	Please contact me regarding preparation of a continuation or continuation-in-part patent application to pursue additional patent protection for the disclosed invention. 	Do not file any further patent applications claiming priority to the above-identified application.  OPTIONAL TO COINCIDE WITH PLAQUE PARAGRAPH IN LETTER Plaque 	Please order a wood-mounted plaque.
  			 Date		Signature
