FOR ROLAND-INDY MATTERS (delete this text box)
FOR ROLAND-INDY MATTERS (delete this text box)


We have now received the issue notification for this case, a copy of which is attached.  The patent for Application No. APPLN will issue on ISSUE as US Patent No. NUMBER. 

OPTIONAL LANGUAGE FOR CONTINUATION APPLICATIONS
It should be noted that a continuation application was already filed (P, our ref. ).
OR
Per your instructions of , a continuation application was not filed.


FOR ROLAND-GERMANY or FOREIGN ASSOCIATE MATTERS (delete this text box)
FOR ROLAND-GERMANY or FOREIGN ASSOCIATE MATTERS (delete this text box)

Today’s Date

Via email only:  Contact Email

NameAddress
Re:	Foreign Reference
	Roland Ref.:	Client Reference
	Country Patent Application No. Application No. filed Filing Date
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

We have now received word from the US Patent and Trademark Office that the patent on the above-identified application will issue on date as Patent No. number. A copy of the Issue Notification is enclosed for your records. 

OPTIONAL LANGUAGE FOR ANY CONTINUATION APPLICATION THAT WAS FILED
It should be noted that a continuation application was already filed (WP , our ref. ).

OR
Per your instructions of , a continuation application was not filed.

Now that your patent is about to issue, it is time to consider patent marking. Patent marking is a complex issue, so it is advisable that you contact us so that we can discuss what should be marked in light of your issued patent. Generally speaking, any products covered by this patent and marketed in the United States should have any "Patent Pending" notice previously used replaced with the word “Patent” or “Pat.” and either a) the patent number or b) a free-access web site on which the patent number is listed. Such marking should be placed on the product, or if not possible, on labeling or packaging for the product. Patent marking is important because if you do not, you may be significantly limited in the amount of money that you could collect from an infringer. However, the appropriateness to patent mark requires further analysis when the patent recites a process or method. 
	
In the event that you do begin patent marking, please keep in mind that it is advisable to remove the patent number from any products covered by this patent and any product literature referencing this patent number as soon as practical after this patent expires. Patents typically expire after they have run the length of their term, though they may expire earlier for failure to pay maintenance fees or if declared invalid or unenforceable by a court. 

As always, please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions or comments. 

Best regards,



Working Attorney

Enclosure

cc:	Copy Name

P34US

