


Today’s Date
	AttyName
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress 
Re:	Client Reference #
	Country Patent Application No. Application No.
	Filing Date:	Filing Date
	Title:	CASE TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

We have now received word from the Patent and Trademark Office that the patent on the above-identified application will issue on date under Patent No. number. A copy of the Issue Notification is enclosed for your file.

Now that your patent is about to issue, it is time to consider patent marking. Patent marking is a complex issue, so it is advisable that you contact us so that we can discuss what should be marked in light of your issued patent. Generally speaking, any products covered by this patent and marketed in the United States should have any "Patent Pending" notice previously used replaced with the word “Patent” or “Pat.” and either a) the patent number or b) a free-access web site on which the patent number is listed. Such marking should be placed on the product, or if not possible, on labeling or packaging for the product. Patent marking is important because if you do not, you may be significantly limited in the amount of money that you could collect from an infringer. However, the appropriateness to patent mark requires further analysis when the patent recites a process or method. 
	
In the event that you do begin patent marking, please keep in mind that it is advisable to remove the patent number from any products covered by this patent and any product literature referencing this patent number as soon as practical after this patent expires. Patents typically expire after they have run the length of their term, though they may expire earlier for failure to pay maintenance fees or if declared invalid or unenforceable by a court. 

The Patent Term Adjustment that will be printed on the face of your issued patent is shown on the Issue Notification. Patent Term Adjustment is intended to accommodate for delays caused by the Patent and Trademark Office and therefore extends the term of a patent, if maintenance fees are paid.  In an effort to reduce fees, we have not checked the Patent and Trademark Office’s calculation of the Patent Term Adjustment. If, however, you would like for us to do so, please let us know as soon as possible as requests for reconsideration of patent term adjustment must be filed within 2 months from the issue date.

We expect to receive the original patent within a few weeks after the issue date. We will forward the patent to you upon receipt. In the meantime, please let us know if you have any questions concerning this case.

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosure

cc:	Copy Name

P034US


