


Today’s Date
	AttyName
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Ref
	US Patent No. Patent
	Issue Date:	Date
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

FIRST MAINTENANCE FEE – LONG FORM
Title 37 of the Code of Federal Regulations requires that maintenance fees be paid periodically to the United States Patent and Trademark Office in order to maintain patents in force.  During the term of a patent, three different maintenance fee payments are required.  The first payment is due 3 1/2 years after the issue date, the second payment is due 7 1/2 years after the issue date, and the third payment is due 11 1/2 years after the issue date.

The first maintenance fee for the above-identified patent must be received by the US Patent and Trademark Office on or before Term 31900.  Failure to pay the maintenance fee when due will cause the patent to expire.  

At the time the issue fee was paid, the patent owner was classified, according to the US Patent and Trademark Office's two-tiered fee structure, as a  entity.  An application qualifies for the lower fee for small entity status if it has not been assigned or licensed to a “large entity”, and there is no obligation to do so.  Generally, a large entity is one having more than 500 employees (including all affiliates), excluding certain not-for-profit organizations and educational institutions.  Please confirm to us whether this status has changed to ensure that the proper amount of maintenance fee is paid.  If that classification has not changed, and if you wish to maintain the patent in force, we can make the maintenance fee payment on your behalf for a total charge of $, CURRENT USPTO FEE SCHEDULE + WEMMH fee from Guidelines for Firm charges, based upon the current schedule of government fees.  However, these government fees are subject to change at any time.

If the fee classification has changed or if you have any questions regarding the maintenance fee now due, please let me know at once.  If your fee classification has changed, the maintenance fee will be a different amount.  If the patent is owned by someone else, we would appreciate knowing as much information about the new owner that you may have.

If the fee classification is unchanged, ownership of the patent has not changed, and if you wish for us to pay the maintenance fee on your behalf on or before the due date, please let us have your authorization to proceed by checking below and returning a copy of this letter to our office as soon as possible.  In the absence of a response, we will assume that you have decided not to maintain this patent, and we will not pay the fee.

If you do not pay this maintenance fee, the patent will expire.  If you allow this patent to expire, please be sure to remove the subject patent number from your product, packaging of your product, and on any printed materials associated with the product.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding patent marking, please let us know.

We look forward to receiving your instructions.

P39US

FIRST MAINTENANCE FEE – SHORT FORM
The first maintenance fee for the above-identified patent is due to be paid on or before TERM 31900.  Failure to pay the maintenance fee when due will cause the patent to expire.  We can make the maintenance fee payment on your behalf for a total charge of $ CURRENT USPTO FEE SCHEDULE + WEMMH fee from Guidelines for firm charges]. 

If you wish for us to pay the maintenance fee on your behalf on or before the due date, please let us have your authorization to proceed by checking below and returning a copy of this letter to our office as soon as possible.  In the absence of a response, we will assume that you have decided not to maintain this patent, and we will not pay the fee.

If the fee classification has changed since issuance of the patent, (i.e., due to assignment or license to another entity) or if you have any questions regarding the maintenance fee now due, please let me know at once.  If your fee classification has changed, the maintenance fee will be a different amount.  If the patent is owned by or licensed to someone else, we would appreciate knowing as much information about the new owner/licensee that you may have.

If you do not pay this maintenance fee, the patent will expire.  If you allow this patent to expire, please be sure to remove the subject patent number from your product, packaging of your product, and on any printed materials associated with the product.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding patent marking, please let us know.

We look forward to receiving your instructions.

P97US
INSERT AFTER CLOSING:
MAINTENANCE FEE INSTRUCTION SHEET
 PLEASE RETURN A COPY OF THIS SHEET BY external term  TO:   Atty Wilson, Ellis, Merton, Mallock & Harold LLP 111 Courthouse Circle, Suite 101 Philadelphia, IN  19103-5137  or fax to:  (215) 637-7561
		

Re:	Client Ref
	US Patent No. Patent
	Issue Date:	Date
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Maintenance Fee Due:  TERM 31900

	Please pay the maintenance fee upon receipt of these instructions.

	Please pay the maintenance fee closer to the above deadline (at least two weeks prior).

	Do not pay the above-identified maintenance fee, thereby allowing the patent to lapse.



______________________________		
Date						Signature

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosure

cc:	Copy Name 


