






Date

Via e-mail Email 

NameAddress
	Re:	clref
		US Patent No. serial
		Issue Date:	idate
		Title:	TITLE
		Inventor(s):	inventors
		Our Ref.:	matterno
	
Dear congreet:

	Title 37 of the Code of Federal Regulations requires that maintenance fees be paid periodically to the United States Patent and Trademark Office in order to maintain patents in force.  During the term of a patent, three different maintenance fee payments are required.  The third payment is due 11-1/2 years after the issue date.

	The third maintenance fee for the above-identified patent must be received by the US Patent and Trademark Office on or before Term=32100.  Failure to pay the maintenance fee when due will cause the patent to expire.  

	At the time the last maintenance fee was paid, the patent owner was classified, according to the US Patent and Trademark Office's two-tiered fee structure, as a large entity.  An application qualifies for the lower fee for small entity status if it has not been assigned or licensed to a “large entity”, and there is no obligation to do so.  Generally, a large entity is one having more than 500 employees (including all affiliates), excluding certain not-for-profit organizations and educational institutions.  Please confirm to us whether this status has changed to ensure that the proper amount of maintenance fee is paid.  If that classification has not changed, and if you wish to maintain the patent in force, we can make the maintenance fee payment on your behalf for a total charge of $1,350.00 based upon the current schedule of government fees.  However, these government fees are subject to change at any time.

	If the fee classification has changed, or if you have any questions regarding the maintenance fee now due, please let me know at once.  If your fee classification has changed, the maintenance fee will be a different amount.  If the patent is owned by someone else, we would appreciate knowing as much information about the new owner that you may have.

	If the fee classification is unchanged, ownership of the patent has not changed, and if you wish for us to pay the maintenance fee on your behalf on or before the due date, please let us have your authorization to proceed by checking below and returning the enclosed copy of this letter as soon as possible.  In the absence of a response, we will assume that you wish to maintain this patent, and we will pay the fee.

	If you do not pay this maintenance fee, the patent will expire.  If you allow this patent to expire, please be sure to remove the subject patent number from your product, packaging of your product, and on any printed materials associated with the product.  Failure to do so could subject you to a significant false marking fine.  Because the fine is calculated on a per article basis (up to $500 each), the total false marking penalty can add up quickly for a high volume product.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding patent marking, please let us know.

						Very truly yours,



						Attorney
						Email

Enclosure

P43US

	Please pay the maintenance fee in the amount identified above.  
	
	Do not pay the above-identified maintenance fee, thereby allowing the patent to lapse.



Date: 					Signature: 						

