


Date

NameAddress
Re:	clref
	US Patent Application No. serial
	Filing Date:	fdate
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	inventors
	Our Ref.:	matterno

Dear  congreet:

We are pleased to report that the above-identified patent application was filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office on the date above indicated.  Copies of the transmittal papers are enclosed for your records.

Enclosed are signature papers that must be executed and returned to us in order to complete the filing of this case.  Please be sure that these papers are read carefully before signing.  The name(s) must be signed exactly as typed, unless corrections are required, in which case you should point out any error(s) to us.  The date(s) must be entered using the full name of the month instead of a number designation.  The U. S. Patent and Trademark Office is very strict in its requirement that names be signed as printed, and that months be referred to by name when dating the papers.

In executing this application, certain obligations are assumed and important representations are being made.  Every inventor who files a patent application has a duty to disclose all prior patents, publications and other information of which he or she is aware that is known to be material to the patentability of the claimed invention.  The obligation to disclose prior art is a continuing duty throughout the prosecution of the patent application.  It is also necessary to disclose in the patent application details of the invention that would enable a person of ordinary skill in the art to make and use the claimed invention without undue experimentation, and to disclose the best version of the invention known to the inventor at the time the patent application is filed.  Failure to meet any of the above requirements may have the effect of invalidating any patent that might be obtained on the invention.

The pendency of the above-identified patent application raises the requirement in the United States that the Patent Office be advised of any known prior art which is believed to be material to the patentability of the claimed invention.  A petition fee will be required if the art is submitted after a first office action in the case or more than three months after learning of the art.  It therefore is advantageous to submit this art as soon as practical after filing the application or learning of the art.  

The prior art to be submitted may take several forms.  Prior art may include patents and other printed publications in any country.  The art cited in an International Search Report (“ISR”) is not automatically considered by the patent examiner unless the ISR and copies of the references have been provided to the US Patent Office by the Searching Authority.  This will be indicated on the Notification of Acceptance of the application, and submission of these references may therefore be deferred until that Notification is received.  Please let us know if there is any prior art which needs to be submitted for this application.

Finally, we are enclosing an Assignment document to transfer the entire right, title and interest in this case.  This form must be signed and returned to us for recording with the Patent Office.  We will return the recorded Assignment after it has been received back from the Patent Office.  

Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions regarding this application or the additional documents contained herein.  We look forward to receiving the executed Declaration/Power of Attorney and the Assignment documents in the near future.    

Sincerely,



atty

Enclosures

cc:	copyname

P061US


