


Date
	AttyName
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	clref
	Country Patent Application No. serial
	Filing Date:	fdate
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	inventors
	Our Ref.:	matterno
	
Dear congreet:

We have received and are pleased to enclose the Official Filing Receipt showing the serial number and filing date of the above-identified provisional patent application.  This receipt should be carefully preserved in your files as the original record of the filing of the application in the Patent and Trademark Office.  It is desirable that the serial number and filing date of the provisional patent application be kept confidential.

Now that you have a patent application on file, it is time to consider patent marking.  Patent marking is a complex issue, so it is advisable that you contact us so that we can discuss what should be marked in light of your filed application.  Generally speaking, any products covered by this application and marketed in the United States may have the expression "Patent Pending" provided on the product itself or the product packaging.  "Patent pending" is often used as a warning to potential copiers that a patent may be issued that would cover the product.  In the event that you do begin patent marking, please keep in mind that it is advisable to remove the "Patent Pending" expression from any products covered by this application and any product literature making such an assertion as soon as practical after either the patent issues (at which point the product should be marked with the patent number) or the application is abandoned.  

As you are aware, the filing of a provisional application establishes a priority date for the disclosed subject matter.  However, it is still necessary to file a regular application within one year in order to receive the benefit of this priority date.  In addition, we feel it is advisable to submit the regular application as soon as practical to ensure that the filed description of the invention is in a form best suited for patent claims.  Therefore, unless we are directed otherwise, we will continue to periodically follow up to determine if we should proceed with preparation of a regular patent application on this case.

In addition, it is possible to file additional (supplemented) provisional applications related to this invention and then to file a regular application claiming priority to all related provisionals.  This may be an advantageous strategy if refinements or extensions of the invention are made which should be added to the existing provisional application text.  Please keep this in mind as developments occur related to the invention.

We will notify you upon receipt of any further communication from the Patent and Trademark Office regarding this case.  However, since there is no official review of a provisional application, we do not expect to receive any communication concerning this case.  Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions concerning this matter or wish us to begin preparation of a regular application.

Sincerely,



atty

Enclosure

cc:	copyname

P72US
