


Date
	AttyName
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	clref
	US Patent Application No. application
	Filing Date:	fdate
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	inventors
	Our Ref:	matterno

Dear congreet:

We have received and are pleased to enclose the Official Filing Receipt showing the application number and filing date of the above-identified patent application.  The filing formalities for this national stage application have been completed and the application has been accepted with the indicated filing date.

This receipt should be carefully preserved in your files as the original record of the filing of the application in the Patent and Trademark Office.  It is desirable that the application number and filing date of the patent application be kept confidential.  We estimate that the first official action from the Patent and Trademark Office will be received no sooner than one year from now, based upon the current conditions in the Patent and Trademark Office.

Now that you have a patent application on file, it is time to consider patent marking.  Patent marking is a complex issue, so it is advisable that you contact us so that we can discuss what should be marked in light of your filed application.  Generally speaking, any products covered by this application and marketed in the United States may have the expression "Patent Pending" provided on the product itself or the product packaging.  "Patent pending" is often used as a warning to potential copiers that a patent may be issued that would cover the product.  In the event that you do begin patent marking, please keep in mind that it is advisable to remove the "Patent Pending" expression from any products covered by this application and any product literature making such an assertion as soon as practical after either the patent issues (at which point the product should be marked with the patent number) or the application is abandoned.  

UPDATED FILING RECEIPT WITH PUBLICATION INFO.
We have received and are pleased to enclose an updated filing receipt showing the application number and filing date of the above-identified patent application.  This application is scheduled for publication on , at which point this information will be publicly available.  We estimate that the first official action from the Patent and Trademark Office will be received no sooner than one year from now, based upon the current conditions in the Patent and Trademark Office.

We will notify you upon receipt of any further communication from the Patent and Trademark Office regarding this case.  If at any time you wish to check with us concerning the status of this application, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Sincerely,



atty

Enclosure

cc:	copyname

  P74US

