


Date
	AttyName
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Reference #
	Country Patent No. Number issued Issued
	Based on US Patent Application No. Application No. filed Filing Date
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	inventors
	Our Ref.:	matterno

Dear Contact Greeting:

We are pleased to enclose the original of United States Patent No. patnum which issued on issdate based on the subject patent application.

This patent is subject to maintenance fees which, under current law, are due at 3-1/2, 71/2, and 11-1/2 years after the patent issue date.  These fees must be paid when required in an amount dependent on the government fee schedule then in effect or the patent will expire.  Since we are constantly handling patent matters, we have entered the date for payment of the first maintenance fee in our docket system.  We plan to notify you several months ahead of the due date.  However, because the date is in the somewhat distant future, we cannot assume the responsibility for notifying you, and we suggest that you also set up some sort of advance reminder.

IF PATENT NOT YET PROOFED
We will be checking the patent for significant errors which may have occurred during the printing.  This review will focus on confirming the accuracy of the claims and the data on the cover page.  We do not proofread the entire text, but we can do so at your request for a cost of about $5.00 per column.  Errors can be addressed by requesting a “Certificate of Correction”, which provides a supplemental page printed by the Patent Office noting the errors.  We will report if we find significant errors.

P89US

IF PATENT PROOFED AND CORRECTIONS REQUIRED
We have checked the patent for significant errors which may have occurred during the printing.  This review focused on confirming the accuracy of the claims and the data on the cover page.  We have also skimmed the remainder of the patent text and any figures for obvious problems.  We have not proofread the entire text, but we can do so at your request for a cost of about $5.00 per column.  Based upon this review, we have prepared and submitted a Request for Certificate of Correction, a copy of which is enclosed.

P92US

IF PATENT PROOFED AND NO CORRECTIONS REQUIRED
We have checked the patent for significant errors which may have occurred during the printing.  This review focused on confirming the accuracy of the claims and the data on the cover page.  We have also skimmed the remainder of the patent text and any figures for obvious problems.  We have not proofread the entire text, but we can do so at your request for a cost of about $5.00 per column.  Based upon this review, we have not identified any errors which we believe require the submission of a Request for Certificate of Correction.  Please let us know if you notice any errors that we may have missed in the patent that you feel should be addressed.

P94US

When we notified you of the patent issue date, we advised you that any products covered by this patent and marketed in the United States should have the patent number on them, replacing any "Patent Pending" notice previously used.  Since patent marking is a complex issue, please feel free to contact us to discuss what should be marked in light of your issued patent.

Please acknowledge receipt of the enclosed patent by signing below and returning a copy of this letter to our office.  If you have any questions, please let us know.

Sincerely,



atty

Enclosure

cc:	copyname
  P89US




INSTRUCTION FORM

Please return this form to Attorney
Wilson, Ellis, Merton, Mallock & Harold LLP
111 Courthouse Circle, Suite 101
Philadelphia, IN  19103-5137

Or fax to:  (215) 637-7561


Re:	Client Reference #
	Country Patent No. Number 
	Issued:	Issued
	Based on US Patent Application No. Application No. 
	Filed:	Filing Date
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	inventors
	Our Ref.:	matterno



Receipt of the original certificate of the above-identified patent is hereby acknowledged.



______________________________		
Date						Signature


