NOTE:  This letter including the original Patent will always go to the Roland Philadelphia contact. 
●	If Roland Germany or a foreign associate was the contact, include them as a cc as "via email only" and attach a copy of the issued Patent to the email.
●	Remove the Roland Philadelphia legal assistant from the cc: distribution (if applicable).
●	Send the original but also upload a copy of the issued Patent to First to File.
●	Roland does not need the maintenance fees docketed; MDC handles payment of their fees. Once the issued patent is reported, clear maintenance fee deadlines but keep the expiration date (do not close the matter).
●	If we receive a reminder, a confirmation of payment, or a notice of abandonment from the USPTO, these are to be reported. 
NOTE:  This letter including the original Patent will always go to the Roland Philadelphia contact. 
●	If Roland Germany or a foreign associate was the contact, include them as a cc as "via email only" and attach a copy of the issued Patent to the email.
●	Remove the Roland Philadelphia legal assistant from the cc: distribution (if applicable).
●	Send the original but also upload a copy of the issued Patent to First to File.
●	Roland does not need the maintenance fees docketed; MDC handles payment of their fees. Once the issued patent is reported, clear maintenance fee deadlines but keep the expiration date (do not close the matter).
●	If we receive a reminder, a confirmation of payment, or a notice of abandonment from the USPTO, these are to be reported. 


Today’s Date
	AttyName
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	Foreign Reference
	Roland Ref.:	Client Ref
	Country Patent No. Patent No. issued Issue Date
	Based on US Patent Application No. Application No. filed Filing Date
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

We are pleased to enclose the original United States Patent No. patent number which issued on issue date based on the subject patent application. A copy of the issued patent has also been uploaded to First to File.

This patent is subject to maintenance fees which, under current law, are due 3-1/2, 7-1/2, and 11-1/2 years after the patent issue date. We understand that all maintenance fees will be handled by an annuity service on behalf of Roland. We have therefore removed all maintenance fee entries from our docket. We will, of course, report any communications regarding maintenance fees that may be received from the US Patent and Trademark Office.

PATENT PROOFED AT TIME OF REPORTING - CERTIFICATE OF CORRECTION NEEDED: 
We have checked the patent for significant errors which may have occurred during the printing. This review focused on confirming the accuracy of the claims and the data on the cover page. We also skimmed the remainder of the patent text and any figures for obvious problems. We have not proofread the entire text, but we can do so at your request for a cost of about $5.00 per column. Based upon this review, we have prepared and submitted a Request for Certificate of Correction, a copy of which is enclosed. Please let us know if you notice any errors that we may have missed in the patent that you feel should be addressed.

PATENT PROOFED AT TIME OF REPORTING - NO CERTIFICATE OF CORRECTION NEEDED:
We have checked the patent for significant errors which may have occurred during the printing. This review focused on confirming the accuracy of the claims and the data on the cover page. We also skimmed the remainder of the patent text and any figures for obvious problems. We have not proofread the entire text, but we can do so at your request for a cost of about $5.00 per column. Based upon this review, we have not identified any errors which we believe require the submission of a Request for Certificate of Correction. Please let us know if you notice any errors that we may have missed in the patent that you feel should be addressed.

If you have any questions, please let us know.

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosure

cc:	Copy Name
  P89US

