


Today’s Date
	AttyName
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	Virtual Patent Marking
	Client Reference #
	Case Country Patent No. Registration No. issued Registration Date
	Title:	Case TITLE
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.
	
Dear Contact Greeting:

One feature of the new patent statute (America Invents Act) is to allow for "virtual" patent marking with US patent numbers. This allows you to mark your company’s patent numbers (owned or licensed patents) on your website. 

Virtual marking has the advantage that you do not have to change out molding or tooling to add patent numbers to actual product, or in some cases to reprint product packaging. The US patent statute language has added that patent marking is satisfied:

"by fixing thereon the word 'patent' or the abbreviation 'pat.' together with an address of a posting on the Internet, accessible to the public without charge for accessing the address, that associates the patented article with the number of the patent". 

One of the key concepts that you have to abide by is that you must associate the patent number(s) with the respective product(s). Here are two examples of how to do that association. 

A first way is to have a dedicated patent number page where you identify your products (by model number, product line name, or whatever else makes sense and is clear) and their associated patent numbers. This could be done, for example, in a table listing products and associated patent numbers that cover them. Note that this logically could fall under a "legal notices" part of your company web page. 

A second way, instead of or in addition to the above, is to show the patent numbers on each individual product’s respective web page within your company’s web site. 

Note that the older way of physically marking on the product itself ("or when, from the character of the article, this cannot be done, by fixing to it, or to the package…") is still a valid way to mark instead of or in addition to virtual marking. Either way patent marking is important. Failure to mark means that you cannot recover money from an infringer until after the date that you notify them of infringement.     

If you have any questions or would like our assistance in helping you to implement this, such as by identifying which patents cover which product or reviewing your website, do not hesitate to contact me. To assist in this effort, I am enclosing a current status report of your open patent matters which has a listing of your US patent numbers.

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosure

cc:	Copy Name
 


