



Today’s Date
	AttyName
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
VIA FACSIMILE Foreign Associate Fax No.
Confirmation with any Enclosures via Air Mail

Contact Name-Foreign Associate
Foreign Associate (using Official Name)
Name/Address Information

Re:	Foreign Reference #
	Case Country Patent Application No. Application No.
	Filing Date:	Application Date
	Applicant:	Applicant/Current Owner
	Title:	CASE TITLE
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter Number

Dear Contact Greeting-Foreign Associate:

We have received and thank you for your correspondence reporting the publication of the above-identified application in the official Patent Gazette for Taiwan.  We understand that the publication period is three months from the date of publication and that a Letters Patent will be issued if no opposition is lodged with the National Bureau of Standards within that time period.  Such issuance will require the payment of the sealing fee and the first and second year annuities.  

Assuming that no opposition is filed, we authorize you to attend to the payment of the sealing fee and the first and the second year annuities upon expiration of the opposition period.  
	
We appreciate your assistance and look forward to hearing further regarding this case as it progresses.

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

P9TW2 
Date:	Today’s Date


Number of Pages:  Cover sheet plus                page(s)

CONFIRMATION OF RECEIPT REQUESTED IF CHECKED:  
ORIGINAL COPY AND ANY ENCLOSURES
  WILL
  WILL NOT
BE SENT

	To:	Contact Name-Foreign Associate
	Company:	Foreign Associate
	Your Reference:	Foreign Reference #
	Fax Number:	Foreign Associate Fax No.

	From:	Working Attorney
	Our Reference:	Elite Matter Number

	Comments:	     
















If  an error occurs during transmission please contact us at:  (215) 634-3456
THIS MESSAGE IS INTENDED ONLY FOR THE ADDRESSEE(S) IDENTIFIED ABOVE.
It may contain privileged, confidential, attorney work product, or trade secret information that is exempt from disclosure under applicable laws.  If you are not the intended recipient, or an employee or Associate responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this message is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this facsimile in error, please notify the sender immediately by telephone and return the facsimile (and all copies) to the sender by mail at the above address.  The sender will reimburse you for reasonable expenses incurred.   Thank you.

     
