



Today's Date
	Atty Name
	Atty Email
	Atty Phone
NameAddress
Re:	Your Ref. Client Reference #
	PCT Application No. Application No. 
	Filing Date:	Filing Date
	Title:	CASE TITLE
	Applicant:	Applicant/Current Owner
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

We have received the International Search Report and Written Opinion from the Patent Cooperation Treaty Examiner in charge of the above-identified application and enclose copies for your file.  If we choose to amend the claims, there are opportunities to do so through the Demand/Response procedure (due by Demand) or through Article 19 (due by Search).  The Examiner cited  patents, of which is/are a category X/Y reference(s). 

We have several options that require your consideration.  We have the option to amend claims and/or respond to the Written Opinion.  The purpose of responding is to obtain a more favorable International Report on Patentability that will be forwarded with the PCT application to countries in which the PCT is nationalized.  (This PCT application will never mature into a patent unto itself.)  Alternatively, we have the option to only amend claims.  In that event, the amended claims would be published but would not be considered in the International Report on Patentability.  Finally, we have the option to do nothing and allow the present Written Opinion to stand without comment.

I would like to make it clear that we do not need to take any action at this time.  If you so desire, we can delay these expenses and avoid the additional PCT fees by making similar claim amendments and/or arguments in the future when this PCT is nationalized in individual countries.  

ADD IF EP WAS THE SEARCHING AUTHORITY:  
Keep in mind that if you are considering nationalizing this PCT application in Europe, a complete response to any objections contained in the Search Report and Written Opinion will be required within approximately two months from the date of filing the European Regional Stage.

Our recommendation is to take no action at this time; on this basis, we will not respond unless you instruct otherwise.  If you desire us to file claim amendments and/or a written response, we need your instructions at least 30 days in advance of the appropriate deadline.
	
Please contact me if you have any questions or want to discuss this before deciding how to proceed.

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosure

cc:	Copy Name
  P20FF

