



Today's Date
	Atty Name
	Atty Email
	Atty Phone
NameAddress
Re:	Your Ref. Client Reference #
	PCT Application No. Application No.
	Filing Date:	Filing Date
	Title:	CASE TITLE
	Applicant:	Applicant/Current Owner
	Inventor(s):	Inventors
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

It is now time to decide whether to nationalize the above-referenced PCT patent application.  The deadline is External Term 781.  Please review this matter and advise us by External Term 781-30 of the countries in which you would like to pursue national stage filings by checking the line of the corresponding country on the enclosed form.   You initially indicated you were interested in .  A US utility application  filed. 

Although all PCT member countries were originally designated when the application was originally filed, we did not file an Article 22 demand such that we will not be able to directly nationalize this patent application in Luxembourg, Tanzania, and Uganda.  However, we can still pursue patent protection in these countries by filing regional applications in the European Patent Office (EPO) and the African Regional Industrial Property Organization (ARIPO).

We estimate the costs for nationalizing this application to be approximately $ in English speaking countries, $ in non-English speaking countries, with the exception of Japan and the EPO, which would be approximately $ for Japan and approximately $ in the EPO.  The fees for filing in the EPO increase for claims over 15.   

The fees reflect only the cost to file individual national stage patent applications.  There are additional fees for prosecution, issuance and annuities that vary by country.  Please contact me if you would like more information in this regard.

Keep in mind that in addition to the above-estimated fees for EP, we will also need to prepare a complete response to any objections raised during the international stage within approximately two months of filing the EP Regional Stage.  

Additionally, please confirm that the following address and citizenship information is still applicable:

1)	Inventor 1 Name
	Inventor 1 Address	Citizenship:  Inventor 1 Citizenship 
2)	Inventor 2 Name
	Inventor 2 Address	Citizenship:  Inventor 2 Citizenship 
3)	Inventor 3 Name
	Inventor 3 Address	Citizenship:  Inventor 3 Citizenship 
4)	Inventor 4 Name
	Inventor 4 Address	Citizenship:  Inventor 4 Citizenship 
5)	Inventor 5 Name
	Inventor 5 Address	Citizenship:  Inventor 5 Citizenship 
6)	Inventor 6 Name
	Inventor 6 Address	Citizenship:  Inventor 6 Citizenship 
7)	Inventor 7 Name
	Inventor 7 Address	Citizenship:  Inventor 7 Citizenship 
8)	Inventor 8 Name
	Inventor 8 Address	Citizenship:  Inventor 8 Citizenship 
9)	Inventor 9 Name
	Inventor 9 Address	Citizenship:  Inventor 9 Citizenship 
10)	Inventor 10 Name
	Inventor 10 Address	Citizenship:  Inventor 10 Citizenship 
11)	Inventor 11 Name
	Inventor 11 Address	Citizenship:  Inventor 11 Citizenship 
12)	Inventor 12 Name
	Inventor 12 Address	Citizenship:  Inventor 12 Citizenship 
13)	Inventor 13 Name
	Inventor 13 Address	Citizenship:  Inventor 13 Citizenship 
14)	Inventor 14 Name
	Inventor 14 Address	Citizenship:  Inventor 14 Citizenship 
15)	Inventor 15 Name
	Inventor 15 Address	Citizenship:  Inventor 15 Citizenship 
As always, please feel free to contact us if you have any questions regarding this or any other matter.

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosure

cc:	Copy Name
  P19FF

