



Today’s Date
Charles R. Reeves
creeves@uspatent.com
Direct: (215) 713-4909
Via email to:	andrew.massie@pof.com.au
		attorney@pof.com.au

Andrew Massie, Esq.
Phillips Ormonde Fitzpatrick
Level 23, 367 Collins Street
Melbourne Australia 3000
Australia

Dear Andrew:
Via Email to ottawa@smart-biggar.ca

Oliver Stone, Esq.
Smart & Biggar
P. O. Box 2999, Station D
55 Metcalfe Street, Suite 900
Ottawa Ontario K1P 5Y6
Canada

Dear Oliver:
Via email to:	liuhualian@yuhongip.com
		cc: mail@yuhongip.com

Mr. Eric Liu
Yuhong Intellectual Property Law Firm
West Wing, Suite 713
One Junefield Plaza
6 Xuanwumenwai Street
100052 Beijing Xicheng District
China

Dear Eric:
Via email to:	MDauncey@marks-clerk.com
		cc: tlambert@marks-clerk.com
		cc: manchester@marks-clerk.com

Mr. Mark Dauncey
Marks & Clerk LLP
1 New York Street
Manchester M1 4HD
United Kingdom

Dear Mark:
Via email to: info@dpahuja.com

Mr. Samaresh Chakraborty
D.P. Ahuja & Co.
14/2 Palm Avenue
Calcutta, 700019 
India
	
Dear Mr. Chakraborty:
Via email to:	ip@cipl.kr

Mr. Kyong-Mo Ahn
Central Intellectual Property & Law
Korea Re-insurance Building, 5th Floor
#80, Soosong-dong, Chongro-ku, Seoul
South Korea

Dear Mr. Ahn:

Re:	New National Stage Application in Case Country of PCT/US/
	International Publication No. WO  
	Applicant:	Applicant/Current Owner
	Title:	CASE TITLE
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear :

DATES FROM PATRICIA FOR USE IN THE TEXT OF THE LETTER (DELETE THIS INFORMATION FROM LETTER WHEN COMPLETE):
Deadline Date (Term 272) in Patricia:	TERM 272
Earliest Priority Date in Patricia:	Earliest Priority Date

FOR AUSTRALIA ONLY:
	Please file this application and request examination in Australia by the deadline of , which is thirty-one (31) months from the earliest priority date of . In accordance with our understanding, this application will be handled by you and your team. All of your communications regarding this work should be addressed to me unless or until I instruct otherwise.

FOR CANADA ONLY:
	Please enter the national phase of the above-identified PCT application in Canada by the deadline of , which is thirty (30) months from the earliest priority date of . In accordance with our understanding, this application will be handled by your office subject to a “Chinese Wall” and will be assigned to and worked on by you and David Walters exclusively. We also understand you may be assisted by Lionel Fishman as long as that preserves the conditions agreed upon with Mr. Simcoe. All of your communications regarding this work should be addressed to me unless or until I instruct otherwise.

FOR CHINA ONLY:
	Please enter the national stage of the above-identified PCT application in China by the deadline of , which is thirty (30) months from the earliest priority date of . In accordance with our understanding from my discussion with you, this application will be handled by you and your team. All of your communications regarding this work should be addressed to me unless or until I instruct otherwise.

FOR EUROPE ONLY:
	Please enter the regional phase of the above-identified PCT application in Europe by the deadline of , which is thirty-one (31) months from the earliest priority date of . In accordance with our understanding, this application will be handled by your office subject to a “Chinese Wall” and will be assigned to and worked on by you and Tom Lambert exclusively. All of your communications regarding this work should be addressed to me unless or until I instruct otherwise.

	The Applicant does not want to designate any extension states.

FOR INDIA ONLY:
Please enter the regional phase of the above-identified PCT application in India by the deadline of , which is thirty-one (31) months from the earliest priority date of . In accordance with our understanding, this application will be handled by you and your team. All of your communications regarding this work should be addressed to me unless or until I instruct otherwise. Please file this application in the Head Office in Calcutta.

FOR SOUTH KOREA ONLY:
Please enter the regional phase of the above-identified PCT application in South Korea by the deadline of , which is thirty-one (31) months from the earliest priority date of . In accordance with our understanding from my discussion with you, this application will be handled by you and your team. All of your communications regarding this work should be addressed to me unless or until I instruct otherwise. 

Prior to filing this application, as is likely your normal practice, please review the application in its entirety in light of and in compliance with Case Country's patent law and procedures. If you believe any of the claims in particular pertain to subject matter that is or may not be patentable in Case Country, please notify us immediately. We will then recharacterize the subject matter of any such claims, if possible, or otherwise remove or replace them as needed from the application. In addition, please review the claims and propose any amendments to them which you feel are necessary in order to conform to presentation formalities or practices of Case Country's patent law.

With these understandings, please be advised that the filing information for the above application is as follows:

NOTE: SPELL OUT THE STATE NAME FOR ALL APPLICANTS/INVENTORS	Applicant:	Applicant/Current Owner
			Applicant/Current Owner Address 1
			Applicant/Current Owner Address 2
			City, State ZIP
			Country
			(a corporation type of the State of STATE)

	Inventor(s):	Name01
		Address01
		City01, State01  ZIP01
		Country01
		(a citizen of nationality01)

		Name02
		Address02
		City02, State02 ZIP02
		Country02
		(a citizen of nationality02)

		Name03
		Address03
		City03, State03 ZIP03
		Country03
		(a citizen of nationality03)

		Name04
		Address04
		City04, State04 ZIP04
		Country04
		(a citizen of nationality04)

		Name05
		Address05
		City05, State05 ZIP05
		Country05
		(a citizen of nationality05)

		Name06
		Address06
		City06, State06 ZIP06
		Country06
		(a citizen of nationality06)

		Name07
		Address07
		City07, State07 ZIP07
		Country07
		(a citizen of nationality07)

		Name08
		Address08
		City08, State08 ZIP08
		Country08
		(a citizen of nationality08)


	Title:	CASE TITLE

	Priority:	United States  Patent Application No. Priority No filed Priority Date, now United States Patent No.  issued 

In connection with this new filing, please find enclosed copies of the following documents for your use in nationalizing this application:

	•	Copy of recorded Assignment of the United States priority application from the inventors to the Applicant
	•	PCT Request Form
	•	International Publication No. WO [Number]
	•	International Search Report
	•	Written Opinion
	•	Word version of application
	•	FOR EP ONLY: EPO Form 1201

FOR INDIA ONLY:
	We will send you a notarially certified copy of the Assignment via Federal Express. We have previously provided you with a General Power of Attorney.

FOR SOUTH KOREA ONLY:
	We have previously provided you with a General Power of Attorney.

As indicated above, South Korea was the International Searching Authority. No amendments were made at the International stage, and no Demand for Chapter II Examination was filed. 

FOR AUSTRALIA ONLY:
This case does not require reference to a Budapest Treaty deposit of biological materials.

FOR AUSTRALIA AND EUROPE ONLY:
As indicated in our first paragraph, please request examination at this time and pay any necessary examination fees before the deadline of .
 FOR ALL OTHERS:
Please note that we do not want to request examination at this time. Please let us know the future deadline for requesting examination, and we will obtain timely instructions from the client as needed.

Please pay all necessary fees for nationalizing this application, including any national fees, any additional claims fees, and any necessary renewal fees. Please request instruction from us prior to paying any additional fees, such as annuities, during the prosecution of this application. However, in the absence of specific instruction from us to the contrary, please take all necessary steps and pay all necessary fees to keep this application pending.

Please transmit any official communications to us as soon as possible after receipt by you. That will better enable us to meet our deadlines to disclose cited references in the counterpart United States application and to report to the client and get information for instructions back to you as needed.

When invoicing us for your professional fees and expenses (Government fees, etc.) in connection with this authorized work, please separate professional fees from expenses, i.e., two separate line items. This procedure must continue until issuance or abandonment.

If you are communicating in the future with me or our firm via email regarding this application, we request that also you copy the email to our Docketing Department at DocketDept@uspatent.com. By doing so, we can more quickly determine and enter any deadlines on our Firm docket to ensure timely reporting to the client and responses back to you.

If you need further information, documentation, or instructions, please contact us immediately. Please acknowledge receipt of these instructions via facsimile or e-mail to ff@worldip.com, and also confirm when the application is filed.

Best regards,



Charles R. Reeves

Enclosures
CRR #
