IN THE UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE

Application No.:	ApplnNo
Confirmation No.:	ConfirmNo
First-Named Inventor:	First Named Inventor
Filing Date:	Filed
Group Art Unit:	GAU
Examiner:	Exr
Attorney Docket No.:	EliteMatter
Title:	TITLE

RESPONSE TO FINAL OFFICE ACTION

	In response to the Office Action dated , please enter the following amendments and remarks in the above-mentioned patent application. 
	The Commissioner is authorized to charge any extensions of time as well as any additional fees or credit any overcharges to Deposit Account No. 23-3030, but not to include any payment of issue fees. 
Amendments to the Specification begin on page 2 of this paper.
Amendments to the Claims begin on page 3 of this paper.
Amendments to the Abstract begin on page 4 of this paper.
Amendments to the Drawings begin on page 5 of this paper.
Remarks/Arguments begin on page 6 of this paper.
Amendments to the Specification
	Please replace the paragraph beginning at page , line , with the following rewritten paragraph:
	

	Please add the following new paragraph after the paragraph ending on line  of page :
	

Amendments to the Claims
	This listing of claims will replace all prior versions, and listings, of claims in the application: 

Listing of Claims: 

	

Amendments to the Abstract
	Please replace the section entitled ABSTRACT section with the following revised Abstract section:
	
Amendments to the Drawings
	The attached  sheet(s) of drawings includes changes to FIG. . This sheet, which includes FIG. , replaces the original sheet including FIG. . In FIG. , . No new matter has been added.

Attachment(s): 	Replacement Sheet(s)
			Annotated Sheet(s) Showing Changes
Remarks
As will be discussed below, considering that these amendments clearly place the application in condition for allowance and do not raise any new issues that would require new searching or consideration by the examiner, entry of the above amendments is respectfully requested.

Status of All of the Claims
Below is the status of the claims in this application.
1.	Claim(s) pending:      .
2.	Claim(s) canceled:      .
3.	Claim(s) added:      .
4.	Claims withdrawn from consideration but not canceled:      .

Claim Support
It is believed that the above-identified new and amended claims are supported by the application as originally filed. For example, support for these claims can be at least found at pages  of the specification and FIGS.  of the drawings.
	
Extension of Time
A request for a -month extension of time along with the requisite fee have been enclosed with this Response. 

Request for After Final Consideration Pilot Program
This response has been filed with a request for consideration under the After Final Consideration Pilot Program 2.0. Reconsideration of the above claims, as amended, is respectfully requested.

Request for Continued Examination
A Request for Continued Examination (RCE) and requisite fee have been submitted along with this Response. Since the Office Action was made final, the RCE was filed so that the examiner would consider additional references cited in the attached Information Disclosure Statement (IDS). enter and consider the amendments and remarks of the present Response.

Interview Summary
The applicant first wishes to thank the examiner for the telephonic interview of  concerning the above-identified application. At the interview, proposed claim amendments similar to the amendments made above were presented. It should be noted that new claims  correspond to the proposed claim from the interview. At the interview, the proposed amendment was discussed in view of the cited references, in particular US Patent No. . The substantive remarks presented at the interview have been again provided below. 

Allowed/Allowable Claims
Initially, the applicant wishes to thank the examiner for allowing claims  in item  of the Office Action. Further, the applicant wishes to thank the examiner for indicating that claims  contained allowable subject matter in item . In that regard, the features of dependent claim  have been incorporated into independent claim , and claim  has been canceled. As a result, claim  has been amended to update its dependency. Consequently, it is believed that independent claim  and its dependent claims are in condition for allowance. 
Dependent claims  have been rewritten into independent form as new independent claims , respectively. It is therefore believed that independent claims  are in condition for allowance. 

TEXT IF NEW CLAIMS ADDED SIMILAR TO ALLOWED CLAIMS
New independent claim  has been added to vary the scope of protection for the features recited in previous independent claim . Since the only grounds in the Office Action for rejecting claim  were based on obviousness type double patenting rejections, it is believed that claim  and its dependent claims are novel and non-obvious in view of the references of record.

Independent Claim 
In item  of the Office Action, independent claim  was “rejected under 35 U.S.C. .”

Conclusion
For the reasons provided above as well as for other reasons, it is respectfully submitted that this application is now in condition for allowance and an early notice of allowance is requested. If the Examiner feels that any issues remain which must be resolved before the application can be allowed, the Examiner is invited to contact the undersigned representative by telephone.

	Respectfully submitted,


	By	__________________________________________
		WorkingAtty, Reg. No. AttyRegNo
		Wilson, Ellis, Merton, Mallock & Harold LLP
		111 Courthouse Circle, Suite 101
		Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103-5137
		(215) 634-3456
