



Today’s Date

Via email only: Contact email 

NameAddress
Re:	Client Ref.
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	inventors
	Our Ref.:	matterno

Dear Contact Greeting:

As requested, we have performed a patent search and have studied the patentability of the above-identified invention. We have reviewed the references located in our search, and we are pleased to report that some level of patent protection might be obtained for a number of features of this invention. For example, . There are other features that may be patentable as well.
 
A.	Summary of the Invention

The present invention generally concerns .

B.	Search Strategy

For the sake of brevity, I have outlined our search strategy as well as its limitations in Appendix A so that you can better appreciate the scope and limits to our search. A list of the features that were searched is provided below to avoid any future confusion as to the extent to which certain aspects of the invention were considered during the search.

	•	
	•	Feature 1 + 
	•	Feature  + 

C.	Relevant References

The following references we found during our search are considered to be most relevant to the invention. 



The remaining references cited in Appendix B to this letter are considered to be cumulative and/or of less relevance. 

D.	Discussion

As you are aware, in order to obtain utility patent coverage for this invention, it must meet two requirements. First, the invention must be novel--that is, different from any other device or method known in the art. Second, the invention must be non-obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art.

As should be appreciated from the discussion above, the general concept of .

E.	Conclusion

In summary, we believe there are number features of this invention that are currently patentable over the references we found during our search, so we recommend filing a patent application directed towards the above discussed novel features. 

Finally, keep in mind that a US patent application can be filed any time within one year of publicly disclosing, public using, selling, or first offering to sell the invention to another. In considering whether to take advantage of this grace period, also keep in mind that the US patent system is now a "first inventor to file" system. This means another inventor could independently conceive of an invention like yours and file for patent coverage during the one year grace period. If this happens, you might not be able obtain patent coverage for your invention, even though you may have invented first. Similarly, taking advantage of this one-year grace period may mean forfeiting any opportunity for patent protection in foreign countries. Therefore, if you choose to proceed, we recommend filing a patent application in the US sooner rather than later, preferably before any public disclosure of the invention.

In the meantime, if you have any questions or comments, please let me know.

Best regards,



Atty

Attachments

cc:	Copy Name
  P5US
 
Appendix A – Search Strategy & Limitations

Our search was limited to patentability of the invention as described herein. Our search did not consider whether the use, sale, or manufacture of this invention would infringe any patents. It is important to understand that an invention may be patentable over the prior art but still infringe a patent in the prior art. If you want us to consider issues of infringement, please let us know.

1. 	Patent Databases Searched

We conducted our search using the LexisNexis Total Patent® search system, which includes the ability to perform full text and bibliographic searches of patents from the major patent offices, such as the US, EP, WO, CN, JP, KR, DE, FR, and DE patent offices. In addition, it allows text searching of bibliographic and abstract data for patents from other patent offices. 

We briefly searched the Internet using traditional web-based searching tools, such as Google. Due to cost and time constraints, we did not conduct an extensive search for Non-Patent Literature (NPL). Other than foreign patents available in the LexisNexis Total Patent® system, we did not conduct an extensive search for patents outside the US. 

2. 	Text Searching

In our search, we conducted a word search to identify patent documents that contained words or phrases that were of particular relevance to this invention. These search terms were generated based on the features identified above along with appropriate synonymous terminology. Given terminology can be quite different in patent documents when describing even the same or similar inventions and also due to the risk of transcription or translation errors, we did not solely rely on text searching. Instead, we combined it with the other techniques described below.

3. 	Classification Searching

We also conducted a classification search using US classification system. Since we are at a transition period right now, we searched using the traditional US Patent Classification (USPC) system along with the Cooperative Patent Classification (CPC) and International Patent Classification (IPC) systems. 

To help us identify to proper subclasses or subgroups to search, we spoke with US patent examiner Chandrika Prasad in art unit 2831. The classes that we searched were based upon our own research as well as Examiner comments and are listed below. As you know, the CPC encompasses the sections, classes, subclasses, and groups found in the IPC so we have listed the relevant CPC and IPC classification information together below.


			DELETE THIS TEXT BOX BEFORE SENDING TO CLIENT.
The following tables are provided as examples only.
Edit the tables according to your search.
DELETE THIS TEXT BOX BEFORE SENDING TO CLIENT.
The following tables are provided as examples only.
Edit the tables according to your search.
Class 429
CHEMISTRY: ELECTRICAL CURRENT PRODUCING APPARATUS, PRODUCT, AND PROCESS
99
For plural cells
100
Support or holder per se


Class 439
ELECTRICAL CONNECTORS
500
Energy cell substitution device including plural contacts (e.g., jumper) or with support means for energy cell

CPC/IPC Classes
Class H01R
LINE CONNECTORS; CURRENT COLLECTORS
11/282
End pieces consisting of a ferrule or sleeve comprising means for facilitating engagement or disengagement, e.g. quick release terminal


Class H01M
PROCESSES OR MEANS, e.g. BATTERIES, FOR THE DIRECT CONVERSION OF CHEMICAL INTO ELECTRICAL ENERGY
2/1022
Mountings; Suspension devices; Shock absorbers; Transport or carrying devices; Holders for miniature batteries or batteries for portable equipment
2220/30
Batteries in portable systems

4. 	Parties Searching

If appropriate, we typically search for patent documents that are assigned to a particular entity and/or inventors we find to be of interest.

5. 	Forwards and Backwards Reference Searching

When a specific patent document seemed particularly relevant, we conducted a forward and backward reference search for that specific patent document. That is, we reviewed the prior art cited in the patent document as well as the patent documents that cited it. 

6. 	Search Limitations

Although we may have identified features that might be patentable, it is no guarantee that those features will ultimately be found patentable. While we endeavored to find the most relevant prior art to this invention, you will understand that, in order to be cost effective, patentability searches of this type must necessarily be somewhat limited in scope. Our search was directed to those areas where it is most likely that pertinent references would be found. There are numerous reasons why a pertinent reference might not have been found during our search. For example, the reference could have been indexed elsewhere in the patent office records. The reference could also have been omitted from and/or incorrectly entered into the commercial database used for the search. Consequently, the possibility always remains that a patent examiner, who is an expert on the prior art of this technology, may find additional relevant prior art during the prosecution of a patent application filed for this invention. 

In addition, there may be other aspects of the invention, which might be patentable, that we did not fully appreciate based upon the disclosure we received. Therefore, these search results and our conclusions should be carefully reviewed. If you find any significant omissions or have any questions about this search, please bring it to our attention.


Appendix B - List of the Search Results

Below are the references we found during our search. You can review the references by clicking the corresponding hyperlink. We have listed the references in order based on relevancy. Please note that sometimes it is a judgment call on what is considered relevant, so our weighting of the relevancy may be slightly different from yours. 

Country 
Pub./ Patent No.
Inventor/ Applicant
Title
Date

insert hyperlink




insert hyperlink




