



Today’s Date
	ATTYNAME
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
Contact-Search Service
Address Information/Search Service
Re:	Title:	TITLE
	Our Ref.	Matter

Dear Contact Greeting/Search Service:

We are enclosing with this letter an invention disclosure for which we would like a novelty search to be conducted. During your search, while you may not find the exact features disclosed in the prior art, we of course would be interested in similar technologies so that we will have some sense of how to draft the claims. Please note that we have enclosed the best available copies of the drawings, and we believe that this should not affect your search for the general concept. We believe the enclosed disclosure is pretty self-explanatory, but if you have any questions about the enclosed disclosure, please let us know.  

Insert ABSTRACT SUMMARY, DETAILS OF THE TECHNOLOGY, and DIFFERENCES BETWEEN STATE OF THE ART AND THIS INVENTION TEXT from invention disclosure for attorney to edit

We would appreciate if we could receive a copy of your report letter via fax by  at the latest, and a confirmation copy of your letter along with the cited references via overnight mail. If you believe that it will take you longer to complete the search, please let us know. After you have reviewed the material, please let us know if you feel that a search for $600.00 would be appropriate. If you believe that the search will cost more, simply let us know. Otherwise, we will assume that the price is acceptable.

We would appreciate receiving, by return fax, the enclosed receipt of the search request providing an estimate as to when the search results will be available.

Please do not hesitate to contact us fcif you have any questions or comments.

Sincerely yours,



Attorney

Enclosure

P4US
  
Please return this page via Fax to:
Attorney

Wilson, Ellis, Merton, Mallock & Harold LLP
111 Courthouse Circle, Suite 101
Philadelphia, IN 19103-5137

Fax Number:  (215) 637-7561
	

Search Request Receipt

Acknowledgment of Search Request Received:








Date

Initials



Title
TITLE



WEMMH Matter No. Matter

Your File No.	



Anticipated Date for Faxing & Mailing Search Report:







