



Today’s Date
	ATTYNAME
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
NameAddress
Re:	clref
	Title:	TITLE
	Inventor(s):	inventors
	Our Ref.:	matterno

Dear congreet:

We have performed a patent search and have studied the patentability of the invention disclosed to us. We have reviewed the references located in the search of the patent literature as well as the references that were provided to us. It appears that some level of patent protection could be obtained for a number of aspects of the invention, including .

A.	Summary of the Invention

The present invention relates to . 
	
Presently, the art of  is hindered by . These limitations are associated with the difficulty of . One disadvantage is that .

As we understand it, the invention of this disclosure addresses these problems by . Additionally provided are . Other beneficial aspects of this system are that .

B.	Summary of the Search Results

During our search, the following patents and patent publications were located as having some relevance to the invention. Copies of these references are enclosed for your review. 

Patent No.
Date
Applicant/Inventor




C.	Relevant References


	
D.	Patentability Opinion

An invention must meet two requirements in order to qualify for utility patent coverage. First, the invention must be novel - that is, different from any device or method known in the art. Second, the invention must be non-obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art. In our opinion, and based upon our understanding of the invention, the present invention meets both of these requirements and should be entitled to some level of utility patent protection.

There are shown in the identified prior art . However, none of the identified references shows . Thus, the invention appears to be patentable over the prior art that we have found.

While we endeavored to find the most relevant prior art to this invention, you will understand that, in order to be cost effective, patentability searches of this type must necessarily be somewhat limited in scope. Therefore, searching is directed to those areas where it is most likely that pertinent references will be found. There is a chance that a pertinent reference will either be indexed elsewhere in the Patent Office files or have been omitted from or incorrectly entered into the commercial database used for the search. Therefore, there always remains the possibility that a patent Examiner, who is an expert on the prior art of this technology, may find additional relevant prior art during the prosecution of a patent application filed for this invention. In addition, there may be aspects of the invention that we did not fully appreciate based upon the disclosure we received. Therefore, the search results and our conclusions should be carefully reviewed.

This opinion is limited to an assessment of the patentability of the disclosed invention as described herein. This opinion does not address whether use, sale or manufacture of the  would infringe any of the patents found in the search or any other patents. It is important to understand that an invention may be patentable over the prior art but still infringe a patent in the prior art. We would be pleased to consider the issue of infringement if so instructed.

E.	Conclusion

In view of the search results discussed herein, we recommend that a utility patent application be prepared for  which includes the novel features described. You should also consider the filing of a provisional patent application. This will provide a priority date for the subject matter described in the disclosure and would become beneficial if someone else were to file a patent application disclosing similar or identical subject matter before the completion of drafting and filing a formal application for this disclosure. 

Finally, keep in mind that a US patent application can be filed any time within one year of publicly disclosing, public using, selling, or first offering to sell the invention to another. In considering whether to take advantage of this grace period, also keep in mind that the US patent system is now a "first inventor to file" system. This means another inventor could independently conceive of an invention like yours and file for patent coverage during the one year grace period. If this happens, you might not be able obtain patent coverage for your invention, even though you may have invented first. Similarly, taking advantage of this one-year grace period may mean forfeiting any opportunity for patent protection in foreign countries. Therefore, if you choose to proceed, we recommend filing a patent application in the US sooner rather than later, preferably before any public disclosure of the invention.

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. In the absence of a response, we will assume that you have decided not to pursue this invention at this time and we will close our file.

Sincerely,



atty

Enclosures

cc:	copyname
  P5US


