



Today’s Date
	ATTY NAME
	Atty Email
	Atty Phone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Reference #
	Mark:	CASE TITLE
	Applicant:	Name/Applicant/Current Owner/Official Name
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting-Correspondence Address:

This is in response to your inquiry concerning the protectability of colors as a trademark.  This raises perhaps three separate questions which we will address individually:

It is true that color can be protected and registered as a trademark.  There have been recent cases affirming this, the most notable one pertaining to pink fiberglass insulation.  However, the Trademark Office and the courts have been very reluctant to allow such protection unless it is clear that the color is very distinctive and has been used exclusively for a long period of time.  The main objection to color as a trademark seems to be the "depletion theory", which is concerned with the fact that allowing companies to protect color on a routine basis would quickly deplete the available colors for competitors.  As a result, it also is a logical requirement that the color not be related to the function of the product.  This may suggest, for example, that it would be difficult to protect the color blue with regard to swimming pool chemicals.  In summary, color can be protected, but it has been shown to be the rare instance and it would be very difficult to accomplish. 

The second issue is the impact of color as a trademark in terms of the scope of protection for the mark.  The broadest protection for a word mark is to protect simply the word itself.  As secondary protection, we sometimes protect a fanciful design for the word, or protect the word in association with a separate design, such as a logo.  Finally, the color of the lettering for a word, or of components of a design, can be claimed as a part of the trademark.  Naturally, the more detailed the registration, the narrower is the protection.  However, where a color is used to a large extent, it may be desirable to have this as an additional form of protection since it is one more element in being able to argue a likelihood of confusion with another mark.  Thus, it may be persuasive to a court that another's mark is not only similar in wording, but also in design and in color.  The more similarities, the greater likelihood that the two marks would be confused, even though the lettering itself may be distinguishable.  By the way, a related concept is the protection of color as part of the "trade dress", which refers to the packaging rather than the trademarks appearing on the packaging.

The third issue is not only a legal one, but also has marketing implications.  The strength of a trademark is directly related to the recognition that it has by the consumer.  As a result, it is usually preferable to maintain as much integrity of the mark as possible in its different uses.  For example, if a script form of a word is used as the basic mark, then it is desirable to maintain that script form not only on packaging, but also in advertisements, brochures, billboards, etc.  Along this line of thinking, it could be argued that it is preferable to maintain a single color for a trademark.  However, it is acceptable to use various colors for the mark, and these may be useful for various purposes, e.g., product differentiation, as long as the basic trademark is kept the same on the different products.  

On balance, we believe that a trademark should be consistently used as much as possible.  However, color may be used to advantage, such as by having background color for labels varied to provide differentiation among a family of products.  As another example, a logo may be used in different colors as a part of product differentiation, without having a significant adverse effect on the strength of the mark, provided the design remains the same.  

Please consider these thoughts and let us know if you would like any further information or comments regarding this issue.  

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

cc:	copyname
  TM002US 
