



Today’s Date
	ATTY NAME
	Atty Email
	Atty Phone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Reference #
	Country Trademark Application No. Application No.
	Filing Date:	Application Date
	Mark:	CASE TITLE
	Applicant:	Applicant/Current Owner/Official Name
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

We have had a number of questions concerning the manner in which trademarks should be used.  This letter is intended to provide some of the basics regarding the use of trademarks.  Please share these comments with those who may have a need to know.

The basic requirement for use of a trademark is that it must be used “in connection with the sale of a product.”  A true trademark use of a mark requires that the term be placed on the goods themselves or on the packaging for the goods.  Merely placing the term on a brochure or in advertisements does not constitute a trademark use and generally will not support an application to register the mark.  Therefore, regardless of how else a mark may be used (e.g., on brochures, etc.), it is important that the mark also appear on the product or its packaging.  The prominence of the use is not critical, so placing the mark on a plate on the back of a loudspeaker, for example, is sufficient.

Another basic principle for trademarks is that a mark is an adjective, identifying a “brand” of a particular product.  In the simplest terms, the product is an “ACADEMY loudspeaker", not simply an “ACADEMY.”  Failure to use a mark as an adjective can lead to the mark becoming generic and therefore not protectable as a mark (e.g., kleenex).  Because of this, it is preferable to use a descriptive term, such as “loudspeaker”, after the mark at least in a few instances in any text.  Since a mark is an adjective, it also follows that the mark should not be used in plural form (they are “ACADEMY loudspeakers”, not “ACADEMIES”) and not in possessive form.  

The exact form of a mark can be varied, although this is not desirable.  The strength of a trademark is that it becomes identified by the public as indicating a particular product and therefore a particular quality, reliability, etc.  Changing a mark, such as by changing typestyle or making design modifications, simply dilutes the impression of the mark.  Trademark applications are generally submitted with the marks in block lettering, which means that the registration will cover any typestyle including modest changes to spacing, etc.  Nevertheless, it is desirable to have a policy to ensure that the marks are used in a uniform manner, including typestyle, color, etc.

A final issue we have confronted relates to trademarks versus descriptive terms.  The strongest marks tend to be purely fanciful or arbitrary, without any descriptive aspect.  Marks in the middle ground are sometimes referred to as "suggestive" marks because they suggest a feature or characteristic of the product.  Thus, an ACADEMY loudspeaker may conjure up thoughts of a music academy or of a highly technical product.  On the other hand, a descriptive term is probably not available for exclusive use as a trademark, and may be used by others.  Thus, a term such as "focused field" would not be a good subject for a trademark when it describes the magnetic field associated with a new design of a loudspeaker.  On the plus side, such a descriptive term becomes available for all to use, since companies are entitled to describe their products in conventional language of the trade.

Please let us know if you have any questions regarding these comments on the usage of trademarks.  It is important that marks be used in the proper manner in order to enhance their impression in the marketplace and to optimize the right to exclusive use of the terms.

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

cc:	copyname
  TM001US

