This is a general form with language used in a previous infringement notice letter.  It is intended as a guideline.
This is a general form with language used in a previous infringement notice letter.  It is intended as a guideline.



Today’s Date
	ATTY NAME
	Atty Email
	  Atty Phone
Name
Address
City, ST  ZIP

Re:	Infringement of Country Trademark Registration No. Number
	Reg. Date:	Date
	Mark:	CASE TITLE 
	Applicant:	Applicant/Current Owner
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Name:

We represent client name, with respect to patent and trademark matters.  As you surely are aware, client name is an international marketer of swimming pool and spa products, including a broad range of water treatment chemicals.  client name is the owner of U.S. Reg. No. Number (copy enclosed) for the mark CASE TITLE for use with bactericide, disinfectant and oxidizing agents for swimming pools.  

It has come to our attention, as evidenced by the enclosed advertisement, that Challenger Manufacturing, as Blue Wave Products, has started marketing a product known as BURNZIT, constituting a granular dichlor pool shock material.  We have carefully reviewed this matter and have concluded that the use of the term BURNZIT with a shock product constitutes infringement of client name's trademark rights, specifically including its U.S. Reg. No. Registration.  

Trademark infringement arises when the use of a mark creates a likelihood of confusion between that mark and the mark of another company having prior rights.  In evaluating the likelihood of confusion, several factors must be taken into account, including the similarities of the marks, the products and the channels of trade for the products.  As the enclosed registration certificate indicates, the mark CASE TITLE has been in use by client name for the above-listed products since at least .  As viewed from a trademark standpoint, the marks BURN-OUT and BURNZIT are very close.  Both marks begin with the prominent letters "burn", include two syllables, and end with similar sounding suffixes.  In fact, the term BURNZIT sounds essentially the same as a minor modification to the BURN-OUT mark, namely "BURNS OUT".  In addition, the products with which the two marks are used and the channels of trade for those products are identical.  In this instance, the products are identical and are even packaged in a similar fashion, i.e., boxes of one pound packages of similar shape.

It is therefore clear that a consumer will likely be confused into believing that there is a relationship between the two products, e.g., that the products come from the same source.  Consider, for example, the situation in which a consumer sees an ad or receives an oral recommendation for the BURN-OUT oxidizing agent product and then goes to a local pool supply store and sees the BURNZIT product.  The likelihood is that the consumer will incorrectly assume that the BURNZIT product was the one that was indicated.  

Based in part on the foregoing analysis, we have concluded that the sale of the BURNZIT product constitutes infringement of client name's trademark rights.  Please be aware that trademark infringement is against the law.  It is punishable by civil penalties under Title 15 of the United States Code, Chapter 22, §§ 1114, 1116, 1117, 1118, and 1125.  Under these sections, the owner of an infringed trademark may be entitled to: triple the amount of its damages or the infringer's profits, whichever is greater, plus attorneys' fees and prejudgment interest; destruction of the infringing materials; an injunction; and the costs of the action.

The purpose of this letter is to try and resolve this matter amicably and avoid court proceedings.  Accordingly, on behalf of our client, it is our primary requirement that Challenger Manufacturing agree to discontinue use of the mark BURNZIT as of a specific future date, namely .  This will afford Challenger Manufacturing with ample opportunity to transition to a new name for its product.  If an agreement can be reached on this point, then client name will agree to waive its claim for past trademark infringement.  In the absence of an agreement, however, client name is prepared to seek all of its available remedies and damages.

We request that you provide us with a response to this letter not later than .  We look forward to your prompt reply on this matter.

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosure

cc:	copyname
  TM003US
