



Today’s Date
	ATTY NAME
	Atty Email
	 Atty Phone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Reference #
	Country Trademark Application No. Basic Application No.
	Filing Date:	 Basic Application Date
	Mark:	CASE TITLE
	Applicant:	Name/Applicant/Current Owner/Official Name
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting-Correspondence Address:

T10US - CONFIRM FILING OF TMA/SMA
Thank you for your recent correspondence enclosing the executed application for the above-identified mark.  This application has now been filed with the Trademark Office and the official filing receipt should be received in a few weeks.

T10US

T11US - REPORT FILING RECEIPT - WITH FOREIGN FILING INFO
We have received confirmation that the above-identified trademark application was filed in the United States Patent and Trademark Office with the above-noted filing particulars.  The official filing receipt is enclosed for your records.  We will advise you of any further communications regarding the case, though it may well be six months before the Patent and Trademark Office takes action on the application.

Regarding possible foreign protection, please note that the laws of many foreign countries provide that the first to file to register a mark is entitled to exclusive use of the mark, even if the registrant did not use the mark prior to registration.  Valuable trademark rights may therefore be lost to others who first register in a given country, and the ability to do business in that country may be impaired.  On the other hand, a trademark application in a foreign country will be given the benefit of the earlier U.S. filing date, if filed within six months of the U.S. filing date.  Therefore, if you desire to register this mark in foreign countries, we should have your instructions by .

If you have any questions or wish to discuss this further, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Very truly yours,



Working Attorney

WARNING:  You may receive unsolicited communications from companies requesting fees for trademark related services, such as trademark publication, monitoring and document filing.  Although solicitations from these companies may be official looking, may use names similar to patent and trademark office names, and may display semi-personalized information such as your name and your trademark application or registration number, the companies who offer those services are private companies or individuals not affiliated with any patent and trademark office.  These offers are often misleading and typically have no real value.  We do not recommend paying any fees to those types of companies.  If you have any questions regarding unsolicited communications relating to your trademark, please forward any such communications to us.  

Enclosure

cc:	copyname
  TM010US

