



Today’s Date
	ATTY NAME
	Atty Email
	 Atty Phone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Reference #
	Country Trademark Application No. Application No.
	Filing Date:	Application Date
	Mark:	CASE TITLE
	Applicant:	Applicant/Current Owner
	Our Ref.:	 Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

OPTION FOR REPORTING PUBLICATION – IN-USE APPLICATION
We are pleased to report that the above-identified application has been approved. The mark will be published in the Trademark Official Gazette. The purpose of the publication is to provide other parties a period of thirty (30) days in which to oppose registration of the mark. If the mark is not opposed during that time period, then the application will be allowed. It will be approximately two months before we learn from the Patent and Trademark Office whether or not anyone has initiated such an opposition proceeding.

We will report further to you on this application upon receipt of any further communications from the Trademark Office. 
TM018US

OPTION FOR REPORTING PUBLICATION/STATEMENT OF USE DUE – ITU
We are pleased to report that the above-identified application has been approved. The mark was published on   in the Trademark Official Gazette. The purpose of the publication is to provide other parties a period of thirty (30) days in which to oppose registration of the mark. If the mark is not opposed during that time period, then the application will be allowed. It will be approximately two months before we learn from the Patent and Trademark Office whether or not anyone has initiated such an opposition proceeding.

We will have a period of six months after the date of allowance in which to file a Statement of Use confirming that the mark has been put into use. In the absence of such use, this time period is extendable in six-month increments up to a total period of 36 months from the date of allowance. 

We will report further to you on this application upon receipt of any further communications from the Trademark Office. 
TM076US

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosure

cc:	copyname

WARNING: You may receive unsolicited communications from companies requesting fees for trademark related services, such as monitoring and document filing. Although solicitations from these companies frequently use names similar to the US Patent and Trademark Office, may be official looking, and may display semi-personalized information such as your name and your US trademark application or registration number, the companies who offer those services are not affiliated with the US Patent and Trademark Office or any other federal agency. These offers are often misleading and typically have no real value. We do not recommend paying any fees to those types of companies. If you have any questions regarding unsolicited communications relating to your trademark, please forward any such communications to us. 
  
