



Today’s Date
	ATTY NAME
	Atty Email
	 Atty Phone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Reference #
	Country Trademark Reg. No. Registration No. Issued Registration Date
	Based on Application No. Application No. filed Filing Date
	Mark:	CASE TITLE
	Applicant:	Applicant/Current Owner
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

We are pleased to enclose the United States Certificate of Registration for the above-identified mark. This Registration has a term of ten years from the registration date, i.e., TERM 5000. The Registration will be renewable for additional ten year terms, provided the mark continues to be in use.

With the issuance of this registration, it is now appropriate to give notice that the mark is registered. When the mark is used, the words "Registered in US Patent and Trademark Office" or "Reg. US Pat. & Trdmk. Off." or the circled "R" symbol ® should accompany the mark. Failure to use one of these notices with the registered mark may eliminate the ability to obtain profits or damages in a subsequent infringement action.

It is important that the mark be used on a substantially continuous basis, or rights in the mark and the Registration could be lost. In addition, it will be necessary to submit evidence of continued use of the mark before the sixth anniversary of the registration date. i.e., TERM 31100, or the Registration will be cancelled. We have noted this deadline in our docket system and will endeavor to remind you of this deadline as it approaches. However, we recommend that you also set up some sort of an advance reminder as a precaution. If your address or contact information changes, please be sure to notify us promptly in writing. 

ADD THIS PARAGRAPH IF MARK WAS REGISTERED ON THE SUPPLEMENTAL REGISTER
The mark was registered on the Supplemental Register which, as you may recall, we accepted because the Examiner held that the subject mark was merely descriptive . Application to register on the Principal Register can be made once the mark has acquired distinctiveness or secondary meaning, which is typically achieved after five years of exclusive and continuous use. 

DELETE THIS PARAGRAPH IF MARK WAS REGISTERED ON THE SUPPLEMENTAL REGISTER
One option that you may wish to consider is whether you would like us to record this registration with US Customs. This helps them enforce your mark against infringing imports. Please let us know if you would like us to do that. The cost is $_____ in government fees (subject to change without notice) per goods/services class selected, plus our standard charge of $_____ (regardless of the number of classes).

We also wish to call your attention to a trademark watch service which we provide to clients with federally registered marks. The purpose of this watch service is to scan the weekly Official Trademark Gazette for the publication of marks too close to those of our clients. By performing this service, we are able to quite often alert a client to the existence of such marks and successfully oppose their registration, thus protecting the strength of our client's trademark. The cost to monitor a word mark in the US is currently $_____ per year per mark. The cost to monitor a design mark in the US is $_____ per year per mark. There may be a surcharge to monitor a mark in other countries.

If you wish us to place this mark on our watch list, please advise us accordingly.

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosure

cc:	Copy Name
  TM035US
 WARNING: You may receive unsolicited communications from companies requesting fees for trademark related services, such as monitoring and document filing. Although solicitations from these companies frequently use names similar to the US Patent and Trademark Office, may be official looking, and may display semi-personalized information such as your name and your US trademark application or registration number, the companies who offer those services are not affiliated with the US Patent and Trademark Office or any other federal agency. These offers are often misleading and typically have no real value. We do not recommend paying any fees to those types of companies. If you have any questions regarding unsolicited communications relating to your trademark, please forward any such communications to us. 

