



Today’s Date
	ATTYNAME
	ATTYEMAIL
	ATTYPHONE
Via Facsimile Foreign Associate Fax No.
Confirmation with any Enclosures via Air Mail

Foreign Agent Contact Name
Foreign Agent Name and Address
Re:	Foreign Reference #
	Country Extension of International Registration No. Application No.
	Reg. No.:	Registration No.
	Reg. Date:	Registration Date
	Applicant:	Applicant/Current Owner
	Mark:	CASE TITLE
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter Number

Dear Contact Greeting-Foreign Agent:

We are pleased that extension of the above-identified international registration has now been confirmed in the United States. Enclosed is the United States Certificate of Registration for the above-identified mark.

With the issuance of this registration, it is now appropriate to give notice that the mark is registered. When the mark is used in the United States, the circled "R" symbol ® should accompany the mark. In the alternative, “Registered in U. S. Patent and Trademark Office" or "Reg. U. S. Pat. & Trdmk. Off." may be used in conjunction with the mark in the United States. Failure to use one of these notices with the registered mark may eliminate the ability to obtain profits or damages in a subsequent infringement action. 

It is important that the mark be used on a substantially continuous basis or rights in the mark and the Registration could be lost. In addition, it will be necessary to submit evidence of continued use of the mark before the sixth anniversary of the registration date (i.e., on or before  or the US Registration will be cancelled.

In addition, evidence of continued use of the mark must be filed prior to each ten-year anniversary of the issuance of the US registration certificate. However, no trademark renewals are due in the United States since renewal of the international registration will continue the protection in the United States.

We have noted these deadlines in our docket system and will endeavor to remind you of the deadlines as they approach. However, we recommend that you also set up some sort of an advance reminder as a precaution. If your address or contact information changes, please be sure to notify us promptly in writing. 

We also wish to call your attention to a trademark watch service which we provide to our clients. The purpose of this watch service is to scan the weekly United States Official Trademark Gazette for the publication of marks too close to those of our clients. Quite often by performing this service, we are able to alert a client to the existence of such marks and successfully oppose their registration, thus protecting the strength of our client's trademark. The cost is fairly nominal (currently $175 per year per mark). If you wish us to place this mark on our watch list, please advise us accordingly.

WARNING:  You may receive unsolicited communications from companies requesting fees for trademark related services, such as monitoring and document filing.  Although solicitations from these companies frequently use names similar to the US Patent and Trademark Office, may be official looking, and may display semi-personalized information such as your name and your US trademark application or registration number, the companies who offer those services are not affiliated with the US Patent and Trademark Office or any other federal agency.  These offers are often misleading and typically have no real value.  We do not recommend paying any fees to those types of companies.  If you have any questions regarding unsolicited communications relating to your trademark, please forward any such communications to us.  

Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions.

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosures

TM035IP 
Wilson, Ellis, Merton, Mallock & Harold LLP
PATENT AND TRADEMARK ATTORNEYS

111 COURTHOUSE CIRCLE, SUITE 3700
PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA 19103-5137
Main:  (215) 634-3456	Fax:  (215) 637-7561
www.uspatent.com

FAX COVER SHEET

	Date:	Today’s Date

	Number of Pages:	Cover sheet plus              page(s)

CONFIRMATION OF RECEIPT REQUESTED IF CHECKED:  
ORIGINAL COPY AND ANY ENCLOSURES
  WILL
  WILL NOT
  BE SENT

	To:	Foreign Agent Contact Name
	Company:	Foreign Agent
	Your Reference:	Foreign Reference #
	Fax Number:	Foreign Associate Fax No.

	From:	Working Attorney
	Our Reference:	Elite Matter Number

	Comments:	     













If  an error occurs during transmission please contact us at:  (215) 634-3456
THIS MESSAGE IS INTENDED ONLY FOR THE ADDRESSEE(S) IDENTIFIED ABOVE.
It may contain privileged, confidential, attorney work product, or trade secret information that is exempt from disclosure under applicable laws.  If you are not the intended recipient, or an employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this message is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this facsimile in error, please notify the sender immediately by telephone and return the facsimile (and all copies) to the sender by mail at the above address.  The sender will reimburse you for reasonable expenses incurred.   Thank you.

     
