



VIA EMAIL ONLY

Today's Date
	ATTYNAME
	AttyEmail
	AttyPhone
Corresp Contact NameCorresp Address 
Re:	Country Trademark Application No. Appln No.
	Filing Date:	File Date
	Reg. No.:	Registration No
	Reg. Date:	Registration Date
	Mark:	CASETITLE
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No

Dear Contact Greeting:

The registration of the above-identified mark (copy enclosed) was issued on Registration Date. To prevent cancellation of a registration by the Patent and Trademark Office, the registrant of a mark must file a declaration that the mark is still in use. This must be done sometime between the fifth and sixth years after registration, i.e., by 31100 Term. It is now timely to file such a declaration of use in connection with the above mark. (INSERT A) (or INSERT B) 

INSERT A - FOR ALL NON-TRIANGLE CLIENTS
We are enclosing an information sheet explaining Sections 8 and 15 of the Trademark Act. Also enclosed is a worksheet for each class of goods or services identified in the registration, which must be completed and returned. If your use satisfies the Section 15 requirements, we recommend filing a Combined Declaration.  The cost of preparing and filing a combined declaration for one class is estimated at $725.00?

INSERT B - FOR TRIANGLE CLIENTS
Enclosed is a worksheet for each class of goods or services identified in the registration, which must be completed and returned. If your use satisfies the Section 15 requirements, we recommend filing a Combined Declaration. The cost of preparing and filing a combined declaration for one class is estimated at $455.00?.

The “use” portion (i.e. Section 8) does not have any urgency so long as the task is completed by the sixth-year anniversary.  However, it is advisable to complete the “incontestability” portion (i.e. Section 15) as soon as possible.  If the Section 8 portion has not already been filed, it needs to be filed with the Section 15 portion.  This is why we recommend filing a Combined Declaration, when applicable.

For your convenience, you may indicate your instructions by checking below at the appropriate box and returning a copy of this letter along with a current use specimen and the worksheet(s). The specimen must show use of the mark on or in connection with the goods or services. The deadline for filing the Declaration of Use is 31100 Term. Please provide your instructions by .  In the absence of your instructions, we will not file the required declaration and the registration will lapse.

Do not use for TriAngle 
WARNING:  You may receive unsolicited communications from companies requesting fees for trademark related services, such as monitoring and document filing. Although solicitations from these companies frequently use names similar to the US Patent and Trademark Office, may be official looking, and may display semi-personalized information such as your name and your US trademark application or registration number, the companies who offer those services are not affiliated with the US Patent and Trademark Office or any other federal agency. These offers are often misleading and typically have no real value. We do not recommend paying any fees to those types of companies. If you have any questions regarding unsolicited communications relating to your trademark, please forward any such communications to us. 

Sincerely yours,



Working Attorney

Enclosures

TM049UST
#doc

☐	Please proceed with the Combined Declaration of Use  (§ 8 & § 15 Declaration). A current use specimen for each class identified in the registration is enclosed along with the completed worksheet.
☐	Please proceed with only the Declaration of Use (§ 8). A current use specimen for each class identified in the registration is enclosed.
☐	Please take no action and allow this registration to lapse.



___________________________		
Date						Signature



