



Today’s Date
	ATTY NAME
	Atty Email
	 Atty Phone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Reference #
	Country Trademark Application No. Basic Application No.
	Filing Date:	Basic Application Date
	Reg. No.:	Patent, Registration No.
	Reg. Date:	Patent, Registration Date
	Mark:	CASE TITLE
	Applicant:	Name/Applicant/Current Owner/Official Name
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Name/DNC/Contact Greeting-Correspondence Address:

This is a note to call your attention to the above mark which was registered on Patent, Registration Date.  

The United States Patent and Trademark Office requires that to prevent cancellation of this registration, the registrant must file a declaration confirming that the mark is still in use.  This must be done sometime between the fifth and sixth years after registration.  

It is now timely to file such a declaration of use in connection with the above mark.  We are enclosing a copy of the registration for your convenience.  Please let us know whether or not you are interested in proceeding with this declaration to maintain the registration of this mark.  The cost is estimated at $350.00?.  

Also, you may wish to consider taking the opportunity at this time to file an application for registration on the Principal Register.  This mark is currently registered on the Supplemental Register, which exists for marks which are deemed by the Trademark Office as not distinctive and therefore not protectable without proof of secondary meaning.  A registration on the Principal Register will provide you with expanded benefits available to marks under federal law.  To obtain a registration on the Principal Register, it will be necessary to file an application alleging that the mark has been in substantially exclusive continuous use in commerce for the past five years.  If you wish to proceed with a new application on the Principal Register, the cost is estimated at $750.00?.  

We look forward to receiving your instructions.  In the absence of a response, we will assume that the mark is not still in use, or that you have decided not to maintain this registration, and we will not prepare a declaration of use.

Sincerely,



Working Attorney


Enclosure

cc:	copyname
  TM052US 
