




Today’s Date
	ATTY NAME
	Atty Email
	 Atty Phone
NameAddress
Re:	Client Reference #
	Country Trademark Application No. Application No.
	Filing Date:	Application Date
	Mark:	CASE TITLE
	Applicant:	Applicant/Current Owner
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter No.

Dear Contact Greeting:

Enclosed is a copy of the Notice of Approval of Extension Request which extends the time for filing a Statement of Use in the above case until .  If the mark has not been put into use by that date, it will be possible to file another request for an extension at that time.

This application is currently in its second/third/fourth extension of time for filing the Statement of Use.  Further extensions of time are available, but only upon a verification that there remains a "bona fide" intention to use the mark in interstate commerce with the indicated goods, and upon a showing of "good cause" for the extension.  "Good cause" requires that the applicant be able to assert ongoing efforts to make use of the mark in commerce, including, for example, product research or development, market research, manufacturing activities, promotional activities, steps to acquire distributors, steps to obtain required governmental approval, or other similar activities.

Please also note that it is possible to file a Statement of Use for less than all of the goods identified in the application.  In this situation, the application can be divided into separate applications.  The Statement of Use could then be submitted as to only those goods for which use has been made, and an extension can be obtained to maintain the application for use with the other goods.  The advantage would be to obtain a registration for the mark as to the goods with which the mark has been used, while preserving the ability to obtain a registration for the other goods at a later time.  However, there must still be a bona fide intent to use the mark with the other goods in order to maintain the application, and the same constraints as to time extensions will apply.  Please be sure to consider if this option is applicable in this case.

If you have any questions, please let us know.

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosure

cc:	copyname
  TM086US
