



Today’s Date
	ATTYNAME
	ATTYEMAIL
	ATTYPHONE
Via Facsimile Foreign Associate Fax No.
Confirmation with any Enclosures via Air Mail

Foreign Agent Contact Name
Foreign Agent Name and Address
Re:	Foreign Reference #
	Country Extension of International Registration No. Priority No.
	Reg. No.:	Registration No.
	Reg. Date:	Registration Date
	Applicant:	Applicant/Current Owner
	Mark:	CASE TITLE
	Our Ref.:	Elite Matter Number

Dear Contact Greeting-Foreign Agent:

This is a note to let you know that it is now time to file the Section 8 Declaration of continued use of the above-identified mark. The filing and acceptance of the Declaration will avoid cancellation of the US extension of your International Registration and will keep it in full force and effect for an additional ten years, i.e. until . A copy of the registration is enclosed for your convenience. 

Maintenance of the US extension of your International Registration requires that the mark continue to be in use. If any of the products/services shown on the enclosed copy of the registration are no longer identified by the mark, please so indicate. Any of the listed items which are no longer identified by the mark cannot be included in the Declaration. The estimated charge to prepare and file such an application for ten-year Section 8 Declaration will include the Government filing fee of $100.00? (per class) and our attorneys' fee of $300.00?. (see Guidelines for Firm Charges)

Please return a copy of this letter with your instructions as to how to proceed and enclose a current use specimen for each class. Appropriate specimens would be pictures of packaging or labels of the mark in use. In the absence of a response, we will assume that the mark is no longer in use (or that you have decided not to maintain this registration), and we will not prepare a renewal application.

Please let us know if you have any questions. We are looking forward to hearing from you.

Sincerely,



Working Attorney

Enclosure

TM097IP
		
Billing statement for TM097IP:
Preparation of letter reminding of deadline for filing Section 8 Use Declaration to maintain the US extension of the International Registration.
 
Wilson, Ellis, Merton, Mallock & Harold LLP
PATENT AND TRADEMARK ATTORNEYS

111 COURTHOUSE CIRCLE, SUITE 3700
PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA 19103-5137
Main:  (215) 634-3456	Fax:  (215) 637-7561
www.uspatent.com

FAX COVER SHEET

	Date:	Today’s Date

	Number of Pages:	Cover sheet plus              page(s)

CONFIRMATION OF RECEIPT REQUESTED IF CHECKED:  
ORIGINAL COPY AND ANY ENCLOSURES
  WILL
  WILL NOT
  BE SENT

	To:	Foreign Agent Contact Name
	Company:	Foreign Agent
	Your Reference:	Foreign Reference #
	Fax Number:	Foreign Associate Fax No.

	From:	Working Attorney
	Our Reference:	Elite Matter Number

	Comments:	     













If  an error occurs during transmission please contact us at:  (215) 634-3456
THIS MESSAGE IS INTENDED ONLY FOR THE ADDRESSEE(S) IDENTIFIED ABOVE.
It may contain privileged, confidential, attorney work product, or trade secret information that is exempt from disclosure under applicable laws.  If you are not the intended recipient, or an employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this message is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this facsimile in error, please notify the sender immediately by telephone and return the facsimile (and all copies) to the sender by mail at the above address.  The sender will reimburse you for reasonable expenses incurred.   Thank you.

     
